sim_seconds                                  0.213642                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                213641662000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4128626389500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                3707164                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  3938579                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1075019923                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2908040                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   198.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   736734759                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     782724607                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data            5                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total            5                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data            5                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total            5                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        67840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       104448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       113664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        96512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total           393728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::total         9472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks       184064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total        184064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          265                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          377                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total              1538                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks          719                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total              719                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        20371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       317541                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       488893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       532031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         8388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       451747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         3595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        13181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         4793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total             1842936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        20371                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         8388                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2397                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        13181                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::total          44336                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks        861555                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total             861555                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks        861555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        20371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       317541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       488893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       532031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         8388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       451747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         3595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        13181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         4793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total            2704491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                      1538                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                      719                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                   12304                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                   5752                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM               393504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                   224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                183808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys                393728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys             184064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                    7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2            1504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5            1537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6            1504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1             729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3             709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6             682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                213576082000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5               12304                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5               5752                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                  1469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                  1470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                  1472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                  1472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                  1473                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                  1478                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                  1481                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                  1487                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                    69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                    67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                   65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                   65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                   64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                   59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                   56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                   50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                  235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                  235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                  235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                  235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                  235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples         2516                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.456280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.508733                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.171826                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63          241      9.58%      9.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::64-95           12      0.48%     10.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::96-127            7      0.28%     10.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::128-159            3      0.12%     10.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::160-191            8      0.32%     10.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::192-223           10      0.40%     11.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255          237      9.42%     20.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1998     79.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total         2516                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples          237                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.784810                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    40.168734                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    43.744928                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            3      1.27%      1.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           18      7.59%      8.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           73     30.80%     39.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           32     13.50%     53.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           18      7.59%     60.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           14      5.91%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           12      5.06%     71.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           16      6.75%     78.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            7      2.95%     81.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            5      2.11%     83.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            4      1.69%     85.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            5      2.11%     87.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            6      2.53%     89.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            4      1.69%     91.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            3      1.27%     92.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            2      0.84%     93.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            2      0.84%     94.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            2      0.84%     95.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            1      0.42%     95.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            2      0.84%     96.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            2      0.84%     97.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            2      0.84%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      0.42%     98.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            2      0.84%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::328-335            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total          237                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples          237                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.236287                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.184659                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.673279                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.42%      0.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.42%      0.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.42%      1.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24            225     94.94%     96.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::32              9      3.80%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total          237                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                  361299838                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat             569733988                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                 39350400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   29381.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              46331.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                       1.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       0.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                    1.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    0.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.45                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    30.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                  10741                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                  4784                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              83.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                 94628303.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  86.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE 194635068252                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF   18772147800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT     234248957                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0          2015193.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1          2050876.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2          2087769.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3          2113171.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0               1359456                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1          1383528.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2               1408416                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3               1425552                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0              7567872                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1         7732108.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2         7867891.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3         7740595.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        3583595.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        3546685.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2        3636264.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        3609722.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      5758519337.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      5759211271.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      5759135101.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      5761463984.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0       63759780480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1       63759173520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2       63759240336                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3       63757197456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        89290238285.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        89290510342.079987                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        89290788130.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        89290962833.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          77.856818                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          77.857055                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          77.857297                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          77.857449                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        68608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       106752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       115712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        93184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total           393216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::total         6400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks       187392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total        187392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          268                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          452                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total              1536                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks          732                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total              732                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        16776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       321136                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       499678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       541617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         2397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       436170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         3595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         9586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total             1840540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        16776                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         1198                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         1198                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         1198                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         9586                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::total          29957                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks        877132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total             877132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks        877132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        16776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       321136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       499678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       541617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         2397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       436170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         3595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         9586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total            2717672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                      1536                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                      732                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                   12288                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                   5856                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM               392704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                   512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                186880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys                393216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys             187392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                   16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6            1464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                213736093000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5               12288                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5               5856                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                  1464                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                  1472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                  1474                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                  1475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                  1475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                  1478                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                  1480                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                  1481                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                    70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                    62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                   60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                   59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                   59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                   56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                   54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                   53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples         2519                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   230.084954                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.503265                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.541792                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63          238      9.45%      9.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::64-95           10      0.40%      9.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::96-127            3      0.12%      9.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::128-159            9      0.36%     10.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::160-191            3      0.12%     10.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::192-223            9      0.36%     10.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255          236      9.37%     20.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2011     79.83%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total         2519                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples          240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.966667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    45.749168                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             1      0.42%      0.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            2      0.83%      1.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           20      8.33%      9.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           71     29.58%     39.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           49     20.42%     59.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           14      5.83%     65.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           12      5.00%     70.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            8      3.33%     73.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           10      4.17%     77.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            6      2.50%     80.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           12      5.00%     85.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            2      0.83%     86.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            4      1.67%     87.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            5      2.08%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            5      2.08%     92.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            1      0.42%     92.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            3      1.25%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.42%     94.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.42%     94.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            1      0.42%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.42%     95.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.42%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            2      0.83%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.42%     97.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      0.42%     97.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.42%     97.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.42%     98.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::216-223            2      0.83%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::240-247            1      0.42%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::296-303            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total          240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples          240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.333333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.269385                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.887343                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.42%      0.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.42%      0.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::21              3      1.25%      2.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.42%      2.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24            220     91.67%     94.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::27              2      0.83%     95.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::32             12      5.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total          240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  360070124                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             568080524                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                 39270400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   29340.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              46290.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                       1.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       0.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                    1.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    0.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.54                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    31.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                  10727                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                  4866                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              83.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                 94239899.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  86.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE 194631752188                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF   18772147800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT     237565021                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0          2027894.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1          1988582.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2               2107728                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3          2054505.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0               1368024                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1               1341504                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2               1421880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3               1385976                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0         7775539.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1         7512460.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2         7808486.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3         7563878.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        3622993.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        3497333.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        3709255.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        3579863.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      5758268938.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      5758453290.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      5760057625.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      5760895826.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0       63760000128                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1       63759838416                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2      63758431104.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3       63757695840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        89290475869.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        89290043938.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        89290948431.360016                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        89290588241.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          77.857025                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          77.856648                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          77.857437                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          77.857123                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        67840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       107264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       113664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        97536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total           398592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::total         9216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks       187392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total        187392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          265                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total              1557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks          732                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total              732                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        20371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       317541                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       502074                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         2397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       532031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         3595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       456540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         3595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        13181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total             1865704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        20371                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         2397                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         3595                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3595                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        13181                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::total          43138                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks        877132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total             877132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks        877132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        20371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       317541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       502074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         2397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       532031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         3595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       456540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         3595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        13181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total            2742836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                      1557                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                      732                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                   12456                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                   5856                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM               398336                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                187136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys                398592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys             187392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5            1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7            1592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3             697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6             751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                213743496000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5               12456                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5               5856                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                  1485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                  1491                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                  1491                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                  1492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                  1492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                  1492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                  1495                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                  1497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                    71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                    65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                   65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                   64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                   64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                   64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                   61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                   59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples         2547                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.867295                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.396330                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.591293                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63          238      9.34%      9.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::64-95           10      0.39%      9.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::96-127            9      0.35%     10.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::128-159            8      0.31%     10.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::160-191            9      0.35%     10.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::192-223            9      0.35%     11.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255          232      9.11%     20.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2032     79.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total         2547                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.485477                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    39.165084                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    47.377218                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            4      1.66%      1.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           21      8.71%     10.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           71     29.46%     39.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           39     16.18%     56.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           17      7.05%     63.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           13      5.39%     68.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           12      4.98%     73.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           12      4.98%     78.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            8      3.32%     81.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            5      2.07%     83.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            7      2.90%     86.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            6      2.49%     89.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            3      1.24%     90.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            4      1.66%     92.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            2      0.83%     92.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            4      1.66%     94.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            2      0.83%     95.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.41%     95.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            2      0.83%     96.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            1      0.41%     97.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      0.41%     97.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.41%     97.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::256-263            2      0.83%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::264-271            1      0.41%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::272-279            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::304-311            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total          241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.265560                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.179090                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.114439                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::16              3      1.24%      1.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.41%      1.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      0.83%      2.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.41%      2.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24            221     91.70%     94.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::32             13      5.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total          241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  367813668                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             578807268                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                 39833600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   29548.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              46498.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                       1.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       0.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                    1.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    0.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.58                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    31.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                  10878                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                  4871                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              83.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                 93378547.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  86.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE 194622444334                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF   18772147800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT     246872875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0          2058739.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1          1995235.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2          2120428.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3          2054505.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0               1388832                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1               1345992                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2          1430448.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3               1385976                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0         7813977.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1              7567872                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2         7887859.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3              7640256                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0        3593134.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        3477427.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        3739115.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        3586498.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      5758643059.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      5758482893.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      5760165643.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      5759841481.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0       63759671952                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1       63759812448                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2       63758336352                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3      63758620704.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        89290582045.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        89290094219.519989                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        89291092198.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        89290541773.440018                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          77.857117                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          77.856692                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          77.857562                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          77.857082                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        72448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       109568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       111360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        99072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total           401152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks       188672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total        188672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          283                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          435                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          387                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total              1567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks          737                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total              737                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        11983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       339110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       512859                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         2397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       521247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         4793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       463730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         5991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         7190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         4793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total             1877686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        11983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         2397                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         4793                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         1198                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         7190                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total          27560                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks        883124                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total             883124                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks        883124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        11983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       339110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       512859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         2397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       521247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         4793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       463730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         5991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         7190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         4793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total            2760810                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                      1567                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                      737                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                   12536                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                   5896                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM               400928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                   224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                188928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys                401152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys             188672                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                    7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs       471367                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0            1633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1            1592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4            1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6            1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2             759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5             729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                213777428000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5               12536                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5               5896                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                  1495                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                  1494                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                  1495                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                  1498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                  1503                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                  1508                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                  1509                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                  1511                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                    72                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                    72                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                   71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                   68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                   63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                   58                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                   57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                   55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples         2584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   228.272446                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   203.168297                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.874769                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63          246      9.52%      9.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::64-95           17      0.66%     10.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::96-127           13      0.50%     10.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::128-159            9      0.35%     11.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::160-191           12      0.46%     11.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::192-223           20      0.77%     12.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255          238      9.21%     21.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2029     78.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total         2584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples          245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.073469                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    46.694976                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             1      0.41%      0.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            1      0.41%      0.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           23      9.39%     10.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           78     31.84%     42.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           35     14.29%     56.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           22      8.98%     65.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           11      4.49%     69.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            9      3.67%     73.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           12      4.90%     78.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            6      2.45%     80.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           10      4.08%     84.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            3      1.22%     86.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            3      1.22%     87.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            7      2.86%     90.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            4      1.63%     91.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            2      0.82%     92.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            4      1.63%     94.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.41%     94.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            2      0.82%     95.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            1      0.41%     95.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            3      1.22%     97.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.41%     97.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.41%     97.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::216-223            1      0.41%     98.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::256-263            1      0.41%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::264-271            1      0.41%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::280-287            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::288-295            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total          245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples          245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.097959                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.084522                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.886254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.41%      0.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24            240     97.96%     98.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.41%     98.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::32              3      1.22%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total          245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                  369962202                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat             582328752                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                 40092800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   29528.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              46478.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                       1.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       0.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                    1.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    0.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.46                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    31.24                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                  10942                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                  4907                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              83.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                 92785342.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  86.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE 194623272821                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF   18772147800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT     246044388                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0          2219011.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1          2166998.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2          2170022.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3          2294006.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0               1496952                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1               1461864                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2               1463904                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3               1547544                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0         8424499.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1         8096524.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2         8103513.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3         8551795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0        3908321.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1             3732480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2             3825792                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        3928227.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      5760080553.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      5760444934.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2      5760593608.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      5762923148.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0       63758410992                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1       63758091360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2      63757960944.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3       63755917488                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        89291952680.640015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        89291406512.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        89291530135.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        89292574560.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          77.858313                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          77.857836                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          77.857944                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          77.858855                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        67840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       107008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       117760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        93952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total           397568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::total         9728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks       184576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total        184576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          265                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          418                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          460                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total              1553                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks          721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total              721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        17974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       317541                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       500876                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       551203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        10784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       439764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         5991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         4793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        10784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total             1860910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        17974                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        10784                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         5991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        10784                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::total          45534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks        863951                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total             863951                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks        863951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        17974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       317541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       500876                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       551203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        10784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       439764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         5991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         4793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        10784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total            2724862                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                      1553                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                      721                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                   12424                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                   5768                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM               397056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                   512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                184576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys                397568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys             184576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                   16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          114                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1             772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2             695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3             677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                213641682000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5               12424                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5               5768                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                  1485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                  1489                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                  1492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                  1492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                  1492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                  1496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                  1500                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                  1504                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                    66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                    62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                   59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                   59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                   59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                   55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                   51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                   47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                  233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                  233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                  234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                  234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                  234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                  235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples         2526                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   230.258116                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   206.139193                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.111360                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63          231      9.14%      9.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::64-95           12      0.48%      9.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::96-127            8      0.32%      9.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::128-159            5      0.20%     10.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::160-191           13      0.51%     10.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::192-223           10      0.40%     11.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255          224      8.87%     19.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2023     80.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total         2526                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples          240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.700000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    40.246316                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    47.109345                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            1      0.42%      0.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           18      7.50%      7.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           74     30.83%     38.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           33     13.75%     52.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           20      8.33%     60.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           20      8.33%     69.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           10      4.17%     73.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            7      2.92%     76.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           16      6.67%     82.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            9      3.75%     86.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            2      0.83%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            4      1.67%     89.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            4      1.67%     90.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            6      2.50%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            1      0.42%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            2      0.83%     94.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.42%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            3      1.25%     96.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            1      0.42%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.42%     97.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.42%     97.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.42%     97.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      0.42%     98.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::248-255            1      0.42%     98.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::256-263            1      0.42%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::312-319            1      0.42%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::376-383            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total          240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples          240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.033333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.956346                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.920745                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::16              4      1.67%      1.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::18              2      0.83%      2.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.42%      2.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.42%      3.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::22              2      0.83%      4.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24            222     92.50%     96.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::32              8      3.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total          240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                  366281456                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat             576597056                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                 39705600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   29519.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              46469.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                       1.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       0.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                    1.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    0.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.50                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    30.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                  10841                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                  4809                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              83.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                 93949728.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  86.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE 194630169071                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF   18772147800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT     239478129                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0               2020032                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1               2029104                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2          2129500.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3          2103494.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0               1362720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1               1368840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2          1436568.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3               1419024                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0         7512460.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1         7639756.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2         7903833.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3         7780531.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        3631288.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        3552076.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2        3679395.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        3622993.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      5758688367.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      5758802513.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      5761257799.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      5761063215.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0       63759632208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1       63759532080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2       63757378320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3       63757549008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        89290259427.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        89290336722.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        89291197769.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        89290950618.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          77.856836                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          77.856904                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          77.857654                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          77.857439                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        64000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       108544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       116736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        94976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total           393984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total         8704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks       186112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total        186112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          456                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          371                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total              1539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks          727                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total              727                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        17974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       299567                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       508066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       546410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         7190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       444557                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         3595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        13181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total             1844135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        17974                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         7190                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2397                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        13181                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total          40741                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks        871141                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total             871141                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks        871141                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        17974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       299567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       508066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       546410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         7190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       444557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         3595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        13181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total            2715276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                      1539                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                      727                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                   12312                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                   5816                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM               393984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                186624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys                393984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys             186112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1             761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3             696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6             719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                213641808000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5               12312                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5               5816                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                  1455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                  1458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                  1461                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                  1462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                  1462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                  1463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                  1465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                  1468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                    84                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                    81                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                   78                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                   77                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                   77                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                   76                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                   74                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                   71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples         2528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.670886                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.147130                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.735698                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63          235      9.30%      9.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::64-95           15      0.59%      9.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::96-127           10      0.40%     10.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::128-159            1      0.04%     10.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::160-191           10      0.40%     10.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::192-223           15      0.59%     11.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255          231      9.14%     20.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2011     79.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total         2528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples          239                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.414226                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    39.829247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    44.319599                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            1      0.42%      0.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           19      7.95%      8.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           78     32.64%     41.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           38     15.90%     56.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           17      7.11%     64.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::48-55            5      2.09%     66.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           13      5.44%     71.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           15      6.28%     77.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            6      2.51%     80.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            8      3.35%     83.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            5      2.09%     85.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            5      2.09%     87.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            5      2.09%     89.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            5      2.09%     92.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            4      1.67%     93.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            2      0.84%     94.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.42%     94.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.42%     95.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            2      0.84%     96.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            2      0.84%     97.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            2      0.84%     97.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.42%     98.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            2      0.84%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::256-263            1      0.42%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::296-303            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total          239                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples          239                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.401674                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.345970                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.793358                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::21              2      0.84%      0.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24            223     93.31%     94.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::27              2      0.84%     94.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::32             12      5.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total          239                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                  370542744                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat             579231144                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                 39398400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   30096.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              47046.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                       1.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       0.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                    1.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    0.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.59                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    31.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                  10755                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                  4861                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              83.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                 94281468.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  86.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE 194633910223                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF   18772147800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT     235613475                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0          2052691.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1          2059948.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2               2107728                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3          2102889.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0               1384752                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1          1389648.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2               1421880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3               1418616                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0         7740595.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1              7652736                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2         8008166.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3         7688678.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        3620090.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        3559956.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        3639582.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        3666124.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      5758922076.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      5760588081.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      5759522464.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      5760313606.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0       63759427200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1       63757965792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2      63758900544.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3       63758206560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        89290559757.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        89290628514.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        89291012716.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        89290808826.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          77.857098                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          77.857158                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          77.857493                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          77.857315                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        65792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       109056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       110848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        95744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total           390400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::total         8448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks       185344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total        185344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          426                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          433                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total              1525                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks          724                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total              724                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        20371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       307955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       510462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       518850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         7190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       448152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         2397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         9586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total             1827359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        20371                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         7190                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2397                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         9586                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::total          39543                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks        867546                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total             867546                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks        867546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        20371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       307955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       510462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       518850                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         7190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       448152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         2397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         9586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total            2694905                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                      1525                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                      724                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                   12200                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                   5792                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM               390144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                185600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys                390400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys             185344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            9                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2            1504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3            1504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5            1488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4             697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6             711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                213583502000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5               12200                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5               5792                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                  1462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                  1464                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                  1465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                  1467                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                  1469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                  1470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                  1472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                  1475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                    62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                    60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                   59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                   57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                   55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                   54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                   52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                   49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples         2515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   228.924056                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   203.881125                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.480385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63          242      9.62%      9.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::64-95           10      0.40%     10.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::96-127           11      0.44%     10.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.24%     10.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::160-191           13      0.52%     11.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::192-223            9      0.36%     11.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255          238      9.46%     21.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1986     78.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total         2515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples          239                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.012552                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    39.036913                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    46.260087                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            6      2.51%      2.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           17      7.11%      9.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           74     30.96%     40.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           36     15.06%     55.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           17      7.11%     62.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           13      5.44%     68.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           10      4.18%     72.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           16      6.69%     79.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            5      2.09%     81.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            4      1.67%     82.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            5      2.09%     84.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            9      3.77%     88.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            2      0.84%     89.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            2      0.84%     90.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            8      3.35%     93.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            1      0.42%     94.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.42%     94.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            2      0.84%     95.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            2      0.84%     96.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            4      1.67%     97.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.42%     98.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            1      0.42%     98.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      0.42%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.42%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::440-447            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total          239                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples          239                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.267782                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.224169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.578295                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.42%      0.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.42%      0.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24            228     95.40%     96.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::32              9      3.77%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total          239                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                  358980084                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat             565634484                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                 39014400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   29443.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              46393.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                       1.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       0.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                    1.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    0.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.38                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    31.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                  10648                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                  4829                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              83.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                 94968208.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  86.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE 194627525439                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF   18772147800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT     241791770                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0          2044828.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1          1994630.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2          2085955.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3          2167603.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0          1379448.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1               1345584                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2               1407192                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3               1462272                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0         7780531.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1         7499980.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2              7800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3         7955750.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        3579863.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        3477012.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        3646632.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        3682713.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      5758777506.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1      5759032118.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      5759381505.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      5762096164.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0       63759554016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1       63759330672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2       63759024192                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3       63756642912                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        89290528544.640015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        89290092349.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        89290757829.120010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        89291419767.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          77.857071                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          77.856690                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          77.857271                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          77.857848                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        67072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       107776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       113664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        93952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total           392448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::total         8192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks       186624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total        186624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total              1533                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks          729                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total              729                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        20371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       313946                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       504471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       532031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       439764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        10784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total             1836945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        20371                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         1198                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         1198                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         1198                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3595                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        10784                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::total          38345                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks        873537                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total             873537                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks        873537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        20371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       313946                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       504471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       532031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       439764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        10784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total            2710483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                      1533                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                      729                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                   12264                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                   5832                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM               392448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                186624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys                392448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys             186624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs       975661                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5            1480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6            1504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2             751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4             697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                213644203000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5               12264                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5               5832                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                  1462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                  1468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                  1468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                  1468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                  1469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                  1471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                  1474                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                  1475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                    71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                    65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                   65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                   65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                   64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                   62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                   59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                   58                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples         2522                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.608247                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.018918                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.790528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63          238      9.44%      9.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::64-95            7      0.28%      9.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::96-127           10      0.40%     10.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::128-159           11      0.44%     10.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::160-191           11      0.44%     10.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::192-223            7      0.28%     11.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255          231      9.16%     20.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2007     79.58%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total         2522                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.887967                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    38.580649                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    47.406310                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            6      2.49%      2.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           16      6.64%      9.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           82     34.02%     43.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           35     14.52%     57.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           16      6.64%     64.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::48-55            8      3.32%     67.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            9      3.73%     71.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           18      7.47%     78.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            8      3.32%     82.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            6      2.49%     84.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            5      2.07%     86.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            6      2.49%     89.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            4      1.66%     90.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            2      0.83%     91.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            2      0.83%     92.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            2      0.83%     93.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            2      0.83%     94.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            4      1.66%     95.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            2      0.83%     96.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.41%     97.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            2      0.83%     97.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.41%     98.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::224-231            2      0.83%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::232-239            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::408-415            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total          241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.199170                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.152734                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.581718                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.41%      0.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.41%      0.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.41%      1.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24            230     95.44%     96.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::32              8      3.32%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total          241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                  356319036                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat             564193836                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                 39244800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   29054.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              46004.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                       1.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       0.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                    1.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    0.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.43                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    31.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                  10721                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                  4853                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              83.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                 94449249.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  86.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE 194632241199                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF   18772147800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT     237076010                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0          2007331.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1          2013379.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2          2036966.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3          2050876.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0               1354152                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1               1358232                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2               1374144                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3          1383528.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0         7448563.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1         7560883.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2         7573363.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3         7691673.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0        3533414.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        3526778.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        3593548.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        3576545.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      5758863088.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      5757983300.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      5759108562.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      5759059916.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0      63759478944.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1       63760250688                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2       63759263616                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3       63759306288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        89290097844.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        89290105612.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2         89290362552                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        89290481179.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          77.856695                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          77.856702                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          77.856926                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          77.857029                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        65792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       110336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       113920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        98816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total           400640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::total        10752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks       189184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total        189184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          431                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          445                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total              1565                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks          739                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total              739                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        25164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       307955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       516454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       533229                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         7190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       462532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         2397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        15577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total             1875290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        25164                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         7190                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2397                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        15577                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::total          50327                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks        885520                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total             885520                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks        885520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        25164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       307955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       516454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       533229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         7190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       462532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         2397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        15577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total            2760810                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                      1565                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                      739                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                   12520                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                   5912                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM               400384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                188928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys                400640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys             189184                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0            1600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4            1592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6            1592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0             784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2             751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3             713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                213770797000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5               12520                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5               5912                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                  1498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                  1500                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                  1501                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                  1502                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                  1502                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                  1506                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                  1507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                  1508                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                    66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                    64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                   63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                   62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                   62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                   58                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                   57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                   56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples         2567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.572263                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.087210                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.720548                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63          239      9.31%      9.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::64-95           12      0.47%      9.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::96-127           12      0.47%     10.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.16%     10.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::160-191           12      0.47%     10.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::192-223           14      0.55%     11.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255          235      9.15%     20.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2039     79.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total         2567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples          244                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.081967                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    44.319192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             1      0.41%      0.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            3      1.23%      1.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           25     10.25%     11.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           68     27.87%     39.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           40     16.39%     56.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           15      6.15%     62.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           13      5.33%     67.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           11      4.51%     72.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           11      4.51%     76.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            6      2.46%     79.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            8      3.28%     82.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            9      3.69%     86.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            5      2.05%     88.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            4      1.64%     89.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            7      2.87%     92.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            3      1.23%     93.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            3      1.23%     95.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.41%     95.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.41%     95.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            3      1.23%     97.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            1      0.41%     97.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.41%     97.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      0.41%     98.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.41%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::216-223            1      0.41%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::288-295            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::304-311            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total          244                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples          244                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.196721                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.145022                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.675971                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.41%      0.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.41%      0.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      0.82%      1.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.41%      2.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.41%      2.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24            229     93.85%     96.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::32              9      3.69%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total          244                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                  370065164                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat             582143564                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                 40038400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   29576.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              46526.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                       1.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       0.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                    1.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    0.89                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.44                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    31.20                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                  10927                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                  4922                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              83.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                 92782463.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  86.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE 194633060466                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF   18772147800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT     236256743                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0               2047248                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1          2112566.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2               2140992                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3          2153692.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0               1381080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1               1425144                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2               1444320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3          1452888.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0         7843430.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1         8123481.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2         7964236.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3         7976217.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        3606405.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        3613455.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        3705937.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3             3732480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      5757784885.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      5758342810.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      5760082523.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3      5760849041.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0       63760424736                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1       63759935328                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2      63758409264.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3       63757736880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        89290500136.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        89290965137.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        89291159625.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        89291313551.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          77.857046                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          77.857451                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          77.857621                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          77.857755                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        66560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       108544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       114432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        97792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total           400640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::total         9728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks       188416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total        188416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          260                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          447                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          382                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total              1565                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks          736                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total              736                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        20371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       311550                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         2397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       508066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         2397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       535626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         5991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       457738                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         4793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         7190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        10784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         4793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total             1875290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        20371                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         2397                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         1198                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         5991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         4793                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        10784                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::total          45534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks        881925                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total             881925                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks        881925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        20371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       311550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         2397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       508066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         2397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       535626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         5991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       457738                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         4793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         7190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        10784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         4793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total            2757215                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                      1565                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                      736                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                   12520                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                   5888                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM               400384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                188672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys                400640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys             188416                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1            1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7            1632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3             768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4             737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6             727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                213783625000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5               12520                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5               5888                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                  1500                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                  1504                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                  1504                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                  1504                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                  1505                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                  1506                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                  1511                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                  1513                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                    64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                    60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                   60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                   60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                   59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                   58                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                   53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                   51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples         2568                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.383178                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.511046                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.131275                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63          244      9.50%      9.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::64-95           15      0.58%     10.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::96-127            7      0.27%     10.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.08%     10.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::160-191            7      0.27%     10.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::192-223           17      0.66%     11.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255          240      9.35%     20.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2036     79.28%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total         2568                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples          245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.036735                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    46.893526                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             3      1.22%      1.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            5      2.04%      3.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           19      7.76%     11.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           70     28.57%     39.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           36     14.69%     54.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           17      6.94%     61.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           20      8.16%     69.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            9      3.67%     73.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           11      4.49%     77.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           13      5.31%     82.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            5      2.04%     84.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            6      2.45%     87.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            5      2.04%     89.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            4      1.63%     91.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            1      0.41%     91.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            2      0.82%     92.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            4      1.63%     93.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            4      1.63%     95.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            2      0.82%     96.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            2      0.82%     97.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.41%     97.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::216-223            2      0.82%     98.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::224-231            1      0.41%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::232-239            1      0.41%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::296-303            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::352-359            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total          245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples          245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.065306                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.029765                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.353434                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.41%      0.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::20              4      1.63%      2.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24            235     95.92%     97.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::32              5      2.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total          245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  369689512                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             581767912                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                 40038400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   29546.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              46496.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                       1.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       0.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                    1.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    0.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.53                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    31.22                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                  10934                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                  4906                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              83.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                 92909006.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  86.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE 194625792041                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF   18772147800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT     243525168                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          2048457.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1               2029104                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2          2101075.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3          2111356.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0               1381896                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1               1368840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2               1417392                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3          1424328.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0         7760563.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1         7683686.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2              7859904                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3         7815974.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0        3606405.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        3533414.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        3706352.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        3705937.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      5759104348.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1        5759037864                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      5760395412.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3      5760625947.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0       63759267312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1       63759325632                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2       63758134800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3       63757932576                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        89290581334.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        89290390892.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        89291027287.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        89291028472.319992                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          77.857117                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          77.856951                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          77.857506                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          77.857507                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        64000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       107264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       110336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        99584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total           391168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total         9216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks       183808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total        183808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          431                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total              1528                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks          718                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total              718                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        26362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       299567                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         2397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       502074                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       516454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       466126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        11983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total             1830954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        26362                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         2397                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         1198                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         1198                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        11983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total          43138                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks        860357                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total             860357                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks        860357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        26362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       299567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         2397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       502074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       516454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       466126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        11983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total            2691310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                      1528                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                      718                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                   12224                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                   5744                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM               390176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                   992                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                184064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys                391168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys             183808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                   31                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0            1529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5            1504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6            1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7            1504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2             680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3             696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                213640108000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5               12224                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5               5744                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                  1446                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                  1449                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                  1449                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                  1449                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                  1449                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                  1450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                  1456                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                  1459                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                    79                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                    75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                   75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                   75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                   75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                   74                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                   68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                   65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples         2496                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   230.064103                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.602786                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.495214                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63          232      9.29%      9.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::64-95           15      0.60%      9.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::96-127            6      0.24%     10.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::160-191            7      0.28%     10.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::192-223           17      0.68%     11.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255          224      8.97%     20.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1995     79.93%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total         2496                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples          238                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.995798                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    38.950357                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    46.861003                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            4      1.68%      1.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           25     10.50%     12.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           64     26.89%     39.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           37     15.55%     54.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           18      7.56%     62.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           12      5.04%     67.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           17      7.14%     74.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            8      3.36%     77.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           10      4.20%     81.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            7      2.94%     84.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            5      2.10%     86.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            9      3.78%     90.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            5      2.10%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            2      0.84%     93.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            1      0.42%     94.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            1      0.42%     94.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.42%     94.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            2      0.84%     95.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            2      0.84%     96.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.42%     97.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            1      0.42%     97.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::216-223            1      0.42%     97.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::224-231            1      0.42%     98.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::240-247            1      0.42%     98.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::256-263            1      0.42%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::280-287            1      0.42%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::344-351            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total          238                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples          238                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.168067                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.128859                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.471641                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.42%      0.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      0.84%      1.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.42%      1.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24            227     95.38%     97.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::32              7      2.94%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total          238                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                  361159502                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat             567830852                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                 39017600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   29620.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              46570.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                       1.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       0.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                    1.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    0.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.57                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    31.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                  10659                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                  4790                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              83.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                 95120261.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  86.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE 194626227659                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF   18772147800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT     242975052                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0          2052086.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1          2047852.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2          2072044.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3          2099865.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0               1384344                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1          1381488.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2          1397808.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3               1416576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0         7684185.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1         7876377.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2         7688179.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3         7736102.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        3596451.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        3537146.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2        3626311.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        3662807.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      5758720706.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      5758133232.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      5759484926.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      5760908084.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0       63759603840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1       63760119168                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2       63758933472                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3       63757685088                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        89290453966.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        89290507617.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        89290615093.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        89290920874.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          77.857006                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          77.857053                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          77.857146                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          77.857413                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        64000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       106496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       111616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       100608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total           391424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks       185344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total        185344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          436                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total              1529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks          724                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total              724                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        16776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       299567                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       498480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       522445                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         2397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       470919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         2397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         5991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         4793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total             1832152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        16776                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         1198                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         2397                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2397                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         5991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total          28758                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks        867546                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total             867546                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks        867546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        16776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       299567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       498480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       522445                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         2397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       470919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         2397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         5991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         4793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total            2699698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                      1529                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                      724                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                   12232                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                   5792                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM               391168                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                185344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys                391424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys             185344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        75819                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2            1504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5            1488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6            1472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4             697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6             743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                213772621000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5               12232                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5               5792                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                  1469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                  1472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                  1474                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                  1475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                  1475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                  1475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                  1476                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                  1477                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                    59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                    56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                   54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                   53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                   53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                   53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                   52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                   51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                  235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                  235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                  235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                  235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples         2515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.229423                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.459098                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.154812                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63          236      9.38%      9.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::64-95           18      0.72%     10.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::96-127            6      0.24%     10.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.24%     10.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::160-191            8      0.32%     10.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::192-223           18      0.72%     11.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255          230      9.15%     20.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1993     79.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total         2515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples          242                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.479339                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    44.651551                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             1      0.41%      0.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            4      1.65%      2.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           21      8.68%     10.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           73     30.17%     40.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           35     14.46%     55.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           21      8.68%     64.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           14      5.79%     69.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           13      5.37%     75.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           11      4.55%     79.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            7      2.89%     82.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            2      0.83%     83.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            9      3.72%     87.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            4      1.65%     88.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            3      1.24%     90.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            2      0.83%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            3      1.24%     92.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            5      2.07%     94.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.41%     94.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            1      0.41%     95.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            2      0.83%     95.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            2      0.83%     96.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            2      0.83%     97.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.41%     97.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.41%     98.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::224-231            2      0.83%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::240-247            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::280-287            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total          242                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples          242                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.933884                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.882764                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.576463                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.41%      0.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::18              2      0.83%      1.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::19              4      1.65%      2.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::21              4      1.65%      4.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::22              2      0.83%      5.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24            224     92.56%     97.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::32              5      2.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total          242                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  363704748                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             570901548                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                 39116800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   29753.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              46703.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                       1.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       0.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                    1.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    0.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.44                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    31.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                  10682                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                  4819                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              83.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                 94883542.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  86.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE 194638364350                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF   18772147800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT     230952859                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0               2035152                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1               1986768                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2          2027289.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3          2105308.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0               1372920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1               1340280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2               1367616                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3          1420248.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0         7684185.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1         7428595.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2         7492492.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3         7739596.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0        3573227.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        3477012.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        3563688.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        3729162.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      5758904566.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      5758067021.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2      5758833101.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      5760731666.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0       63759442560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1       63760177248                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2       63759505248                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3       63757839840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        89290424962.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        89289889276.799988                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2        89290201788.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        89290978174.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          77.856980                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          77.856513                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          77.856786                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          77.857463                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        65792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       112640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       110336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        96256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total           397056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::total         9728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks       187904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total        187904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          440                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          431                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          376                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total              1551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks          734                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total              734                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        20371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       307955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       527238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         2397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       516454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         2397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         3595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       450549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         2397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        19172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total             1858514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        20371                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         1198                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         3595                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         1198                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        19172                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::total          45534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks        879529                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total             879529                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks        879529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        20371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       307955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       527238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         2397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       516454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         2397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         3595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       450549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         2397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        19172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total            2738043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                      1551                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                      734                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                   12408                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                   5872                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM               397056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                188480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys                397056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys             187904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           11                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7            1616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1             705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6             737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7             768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                213641359000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5               12408                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5               5872                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                  1496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                  1498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                  1499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                  1499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                  1499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                  1502                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                  1505                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                  1510                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                    55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                    53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                   52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                   52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                   52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                   49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                   46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                   41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples         2563                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   228.532189                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   203.432121                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.730726                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63          246      9.60%      9.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::64-95           12      0.47%     10.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::96-127           13      0.51%     10.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::128-159            9      0.35%     10.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::160-191           14      0.55%     11.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::192-223           11      0.43%     11.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255          241      9.40%     21.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2017     78.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total         2563                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples          243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.930041                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    48.982785                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             1      0.41%      0.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            4      1.65%      2.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           20      8.23%     10.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           74     30.45%     40.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           34     13.99%     54.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           18      7.41%     62.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           16      6.58%     68.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           12      4.94%     73.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           10      4.12%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           14      5.76%     83.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            7      2.88%     86.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            3      1.23%     87.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            7      2.88%     90.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            4      1.65%     92.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            5      2.06%     94.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            3      1.23%     95.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            2      0.82%     96.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.41%     96.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            3      1.23%     97.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.41%     98.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::224-231            1      0.41%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::240-247            1      0.41%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::328-335            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::416-423            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total          243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples          244                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.163934                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.122393                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.489942                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.41%      0.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.41%      0.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.41%      1.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24            234     95.90%     97.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::32              7      2.87%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total          244                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  372607340                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             582922940                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                 39705600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   30029.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              46979.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                       1.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       0.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                    1.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    0.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.52                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    30.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                  10829                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                  4907                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              83.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                 93497312.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  86.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE 194620833854                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF   18772147800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT     248452846                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0               2035152                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1          2030918.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2          2102284.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3          2130105.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0               1372920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1               1370064                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2          1418208.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3               1436976                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0         7704652.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1         7709145.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2              7772544                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3              8012160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        3606819.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        3473694.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        3709255.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        3735797.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      5758893129.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      5759552177.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      5760985622.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      5760074041.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0       63759452592                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1       63758874480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2       63757617072                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3      63758416704.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        89290477617.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        89290422831.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2        89291017338.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        89291218136.640015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          77.857026                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          77.856979                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          77.857497                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          77.857672                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        68608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       109824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       108032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        97536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total           392192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total         6656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks       182016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total        182016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          268                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          429                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          422                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total              1532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks          711                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total              711                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        16776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       321136                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       514057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       505669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         3595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       456540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         3595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         9586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total             1835747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        16776                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         3595                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         1198                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         9586                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total          31155                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks        851969                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total             851969                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks        851969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        16776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       321136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       514057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       505669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         3595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       456540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         3595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         9586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total            2687715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                      1532                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                      711                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                   12256                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                   5688                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM               391680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                   512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                182528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys                392192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys             182016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                   16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           53                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0            1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5            1480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6            1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1             696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2             696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4             705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6             727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7             696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                213772424000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5               12256                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5               5688                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                  1465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                  1469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                  1469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                  1470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                  1472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                  1474                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                  1477                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                  1479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                    65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                    61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                   61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                   60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                   58                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                   56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                   53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                   51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                  233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                  233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                  233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                  234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                  234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                  234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples         2500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.683200                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.254312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.632211                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63          232      9.28%      9.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::64-95           12      0.48%      9.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::96-127           11      0.44%     10.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.16%     10.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::160-191           12      0.48%     10.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::192-223           13      0.52%     11.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255          227      9.08%     20.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1989     79.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total         2500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples          237                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.645570                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    46.847129                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             1      0.42%      0.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            2      0.84%      1.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           20      8.44%      9.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           70     29.54%     39.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           37     15.61%     54.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           13      5.49%     60.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           20      8.44%     68.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           12      5.06%     73.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            7      2.95%     76.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           11      4.64%     81.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            9      3.80%     85.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            4      1.69%     86.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            4      1.69%     88.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            2      0.84%     89.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            3      1.27%     90.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            2      0.84%     91.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            5      2.11%     93.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.42%     94.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            4      1.69%     95.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            1      0.42%     96.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            2      0.84%     97.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.42%     97.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.42%     97.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      0.42%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.42%     98.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            2      0.84%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::424-431            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total          237                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples          237                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.067511                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.001458                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.819061                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.84%      0.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.42%      1.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::19              3      1.27%      2.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::21              3      1.27%      3.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.42%      4.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24            219     92.41%     96.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::32              8      3.38%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total          237                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                  361784716                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat             569252716                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                 39168000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   29557.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              46507.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                       1.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       0.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                    1.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    0.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.41                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    31.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                  10695                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                  4749                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              83.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                 95306475.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  86.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE 194636096887                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF   18772147800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT     233220322                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0          2120428.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1          2043014.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2          2056924.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3          2151273.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0          1430448.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1               1378224                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2          1387608.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3               1451256                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0         8080550.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1         7779532.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2         7596326.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3         7971225.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        3689349.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        3530096.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        3620090.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        3725844.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      5759343803.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      5757942643.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      5759709825.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      5761101245.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0      63759057264.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1       63760286352                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2       63758736192                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3       63757515648                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0        89291134195.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        89290372214.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        89290519319.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        89291328844.799988                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          77.857599                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          77.856934                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          77.857063                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          77.857769                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        67328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       111104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       112896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        96512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total           396032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::total         7424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks       184576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total        184576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          263                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          434                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          377                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total              1547                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks          721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total              721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        14379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       315145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       520048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       528436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         2397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       451747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         2397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        14379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total             1853721                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        14379                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         1198                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         2397                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2397                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        14379                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::total          34750                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks        863951                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total             863951                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks        863951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        14379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       315145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       520048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       528436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         2397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       451747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         2397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        14379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total            2717672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                      1547                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                      721                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                   12376                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                   5768                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM               395776                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                184576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys                396032                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys             184576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3            1504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4            1632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3             664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4             737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6             727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                213777877000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5               12376                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5               5768                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                  1481                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                  1485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                  1489                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                  1489                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                  1490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                  1490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                  1493                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                  1495                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                    64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                    60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                   56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                   56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                   55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                   55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                   52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                   51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                  235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                  235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                  235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples         2527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.660467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.222947                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.643521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63          235      9.30%      9.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::64-95           11      0.44%      9.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::96-127           11      0.44%     10.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.24%     10.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::160-191           12      0.47%     10.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::192-223           12      0.47%     11.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255          230      9.10%     20.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2010     79.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total         2527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples          239                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.748954                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    40.187307                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    44.365221                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           20      8.37%      8.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           76     31.80%     40.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           34     14.23%     54.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           21      8.79%     63.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           14      5.86%     69.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           11      4.60%     73.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            8      3.35%     76.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            7      2.93%     79.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            9      3.77%     83.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            7      2.93%     86.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            3      1.26%     87.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            1      0.42%     88.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            8      3.35%     91.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            1      0.42%     92.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            4      1.67%     93.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            2      0.84%     94.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.42%     94.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            1      0.42%     95.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            4      1.67%     97.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            2      0.84%     97.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::224-231            1      0.42%     98.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::232-239            2      0.84%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::240-247            1      0.42%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::264-271            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total          239                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples          239                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.133891                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.081677                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.667428                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::18              2      0.84%      0.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.42%      1.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::20              3      1.26%      2.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.42%      2.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24            224     93.72%     96.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::32              8      3.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total          239                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                  361241132                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat             570878732                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                 39577600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   29207.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              46157.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                       1.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       0.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                    1.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    0.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.50                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    31.18                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                  10806                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                  4803                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              83.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                 94258323.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  86.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE 194631721653                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF   18772147800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT     237595556                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0          2070835.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1          2055110.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2          2128291.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3               2180304                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0               1396992                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1               1386384                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2               1435752                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3               1470840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0              7819968                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1         7835443.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2              7967232                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3         8088038.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        3622993.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        3563274.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2        3696399.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        3768975.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0      5758587956.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      5758474795.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      5759289302.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      5760610571.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0       63759720288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1       63759819552                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2       63759105072                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3      63757946064.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        89290631384.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        89290546910.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        89291034400.319992                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        89291477144.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          77.857160                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          77.857087                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          77.857512                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          77.857898                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        67072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       104704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       112896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        99840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total           397568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::total         9472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks       185344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total        185344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          390                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total              1553                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks          724                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total              724                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        23965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       313946                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       490092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       528436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         5991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       467325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         1198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         8388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         5991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total             1860910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        23965                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         1198                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         1198                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         5991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3595                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         8388                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::total          44336                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks        867546                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total             867546                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks        867546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        23965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       313946                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       490092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       528436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         5991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       467325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         8388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         5991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total            2728457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                      1553                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                      724                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                   12424                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                   5792                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM               397088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                   480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                185344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys                397568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys             185344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                   15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           40                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4            1608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5            1497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7            1608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1             745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7             711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                213770267000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5               12424                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5               5792                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                  1479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                  1480                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                  1480                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                  1480                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                  1480                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                  1482                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                  1483                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                  1488                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                    73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                    71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                   71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                   71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                   71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                   69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                   68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                   63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples         2531                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   230.119320                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.659523                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.431123                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63          238      9.40%      9.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::64-95            7      0.28%      9.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::96-127            8      0.32%     10.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.24%     10.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::160-191           10      0.40%     10.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::192-223            7      0.28%     10.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255          231      9.13%     20.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2024     79.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total         2531                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.423237                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    39.144336                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    47.688959                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            1      0.41%      0.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           25     10.37%     10.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           73     30.29%     41.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           38     15.77%     56.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           16      6.64%     63.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           20      8.30%     71.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            5      2.07%     73.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            8      3.32%     77.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           10      4.15%     81.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            7      2.90%     84.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            4      1.66%     85.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            3      1.24%     87.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            8      3.32%     90.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            2      0.83%     91.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            4      1.66%     92.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            5      2.07%     95.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.41%     95.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.41%     95.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.41%     96.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            2      0.83%     97.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            2      0.83%     97.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.41%     98.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::256-263            1      0.41%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::272-279            1      0.41%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::296-303            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::304-311            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total          241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.033195                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.012073                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.052248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.41%      0.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.41%      0.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.41%      1.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.41%      1.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24            234     97.10%     98.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::32              3      1.24%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total          241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  362316222                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             572648772                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                 39708800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   29197.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              46147.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                       1.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       0.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                    1.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    0.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.56                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    31.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                  10845                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                  4825                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              83.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                 93882418.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  86.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE 194626375363                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF   18772147800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT     242941846                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0          2098051.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1               1992816                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2          2051481.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3          2127081.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0               1415352                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1               1344360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2               1383936                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3               1434936                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0         8003673.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1         7655731.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2         7561382.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3         7907827.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        3603502.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        3536732.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        3593134.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        3705937.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      19757412351.360001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      5759513271.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      5757875830.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      5760397382.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3      5760671584.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0       63758908608                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1       63760344960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2       63758133072                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3      63757892544.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        89290954809.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        89290162780.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        89290532739.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        89291152262.400009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          77.857442                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          77.856752                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          77.857074                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          77.857615                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               18734                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18734                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                129                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               129                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             11628                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          3475247                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         379447                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1523087                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            768400                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6221                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          730                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      6201026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      6201756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                6201756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1460                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      9304577                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      9306037                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 9306037                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      9367000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    305437500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       129000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        64500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    191862499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq   1784778217                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    195629554                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    761543500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq    437697754                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    102646500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq          190                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           70                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq           10                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          317                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1659                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         2262                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           16                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           17                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq       357994                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       456498                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        11500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback       997444                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     12503000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     18806500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       116500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       162500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                          2194                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                         2352                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime            13974938                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime           19436998                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                          3093786                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           4653219                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 4653219    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             4653219                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              246500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                 365                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy           965765999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded             1559434                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         1169692000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded            1548171                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq              18497                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp             18497                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback            11628                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1522657                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           430                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        1523087                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6221                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6221                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       237291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port          958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port          962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port          983                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port          916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port          908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         1021                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       489010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        38190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port          971                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port          991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port          935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         1005                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port          924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total       776961                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       237260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port          966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port          996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         1040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         1010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port          953                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port          902                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          979                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       487860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        39067                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         1006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port          936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port          974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port          944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port          974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total       776800                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       235585                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          961                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         1014                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port          919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         1064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port          915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port          991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port          992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       489844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        38713                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port          983                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port          983                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port          958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port          933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port          990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total       776780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       236469                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port          933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port          934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port          968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port          960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port          940                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port          966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       488403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        39450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port          950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port          948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port          999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port          926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port          964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total       776699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total               3107240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       150784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       142848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       144128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       142592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       140288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       136704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       137472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       148480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       144128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       140032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       140544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       143872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       149760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       142080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       152320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       140544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total      2296576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       144128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       144384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       147968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       151808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       150016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       152576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       144128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       135936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       151552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       139264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       153088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       146688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       142080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       146688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       144384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       145408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total      2340097                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       149760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       146688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       153344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       141568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       151552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       140544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       149760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       143872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       141568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       149760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       142336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       148480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       149504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       147968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       140288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       150784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total      2347776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       145152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       146688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       144384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       144128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       140288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       147968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       144384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       145920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       137728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       150016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       140800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       143872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       143616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       152320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       143616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       149248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total      2320128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total                9304577                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     25891400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    182245819                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    109301200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq   2131711800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       601600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp   2130811313                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      8697800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     61370195                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq           11                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           20                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           29                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        13400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback         2000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        68000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        39600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                           66                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime             123400                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy          669031000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded             473671                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy            8941600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded               2268                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy            9137800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded               2305                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy            8991000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded               2269                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy            9111200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded               2388                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy            8915200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded               2260                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy            8951200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded               2258                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy            8902400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded               2296                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy            8889000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded               2247                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy         1374915800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded             977923                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy         115090400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded             78072                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy           9035400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded              2317                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy           9085600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded              2296                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy           9109000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded              2301                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy           9032800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded              2270                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy           9064400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded              2292                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy         594118822                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded            387102                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy         593971266                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded            386941                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy         594029241                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded            386922                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy         592309498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded            386841                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq        18497                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp        18497                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback        11628                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq      1522657                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          430                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1523087                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq         6221                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp         6221                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave       776961                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave       776800                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave       776780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave       776699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      3107240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave      2296576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave      2340097                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave      2347776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave      2320128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      9304577                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     14797600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     73988000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     46512000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq   1218125600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       344000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp   1218469600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      4976800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     24884000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          217                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1080                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            6                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       122500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      2695700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp         5000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                  1303                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime      2823200                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy    320709600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded       389859                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy    321221700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded       389859                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy    321281600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded       389858                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy    321544000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded       389858                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy   1317342400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded      1547806                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           10976086                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          10565085                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate       411000                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               129                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              129                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            10202                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         3475250                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        379454                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        3854704                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq        10579                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp        10579                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2099105                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2099105                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4135191                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         2822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4912360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         3003                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4681260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         2838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         6015                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4772544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         2925                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           41                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          899                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              18536372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       595456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2818880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         3524                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       708608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4512568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         3580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       430592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3129400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         3512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       769792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4219184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         3396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          548                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        92160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        50480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1572                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       206592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        74589                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               17625513                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   5899674712                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   1682124334                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       129000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        66994                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    331633345                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq   1948596987                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    195643033                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    761572449                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq      5298978                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq   1211161093                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    225993951                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq       413732                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp        14191                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq           26                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          258                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        54325                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        15299                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            7                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          216                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq        73020                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           96                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    408598922                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    127613216                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       506499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback      1816306                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    241761564                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     12770497                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       110000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq      1483000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq    119962428                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      1137980                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                       560261                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                       14294                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime          786899216                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime         128861196                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                        15355035                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         16950439                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47              16950439    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           16950439                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         9596261148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded           16950805                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          75622439                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded              2326                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy      116543339323                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            54.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded           3983898                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           1942995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded              1941                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          89988934                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded              2768                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy       96826376644                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            45.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded           4283607                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy           2114478                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded              2108                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy         54686948                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded             1682                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy     106054817918                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization           49.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded          4245167                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.occupancy             5000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                5                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy          1965985                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded             1960                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy         97752430                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded             3007                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy     108815927332                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization           50.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded          4408047                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.occupancy             5000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                5                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy          2078993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded             2076                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.occupancy            65000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded                2                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy           400492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded               25                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy         11701497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded              360                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy          6214495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded              258                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.occupancy             2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                2                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.occupancy            65000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                2                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy           465990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded               26                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         26232489                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              807                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy         12398492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              521                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                2                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples        21363                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0        21363    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total        21363                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples        21363                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0        21363    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total        21363                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples        21363                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0        21363    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total        21363                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples        21363                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0        21363    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total        21363                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples        21363                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0            21363    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total        21363                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples        21363                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0           21363    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total        21363                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                     24919                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8091.935198                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       93884                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     24919                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.767567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3075.691287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     6.712737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst    70.757560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   975.157629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     2.689819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.599314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst    22.471901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   824.418502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     4.489477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst    52.151245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data  1786.864620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     2.043906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst    45.670582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   971.688425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.575456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst    14.944200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data     8.835373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     2.009615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   170.123218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data    40.040331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.375451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.008637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.119038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.000073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.002743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.100637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.006366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.218123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.005575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.118614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.001824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.001079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.000366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.020767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.004888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.987785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8094                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          952                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6991                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.002319                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988037                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  12795295                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 12795295                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst         2062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         5504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst         2761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         6171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst         1671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         3922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst         2943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         6926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst          325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           86                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   36644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            10202                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 10202                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   27                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                  7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          228                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          126                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          204                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   708                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst          2062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data          5632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst          2761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data          6399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst          1671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data          4048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst          2943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data          7130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data             2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst           325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data            93                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data             6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data           148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    37352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          870                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst         2062                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data         5632                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          887                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst         2761                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data         6399                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          865                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst         1671                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data         4048                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          841                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst         2943                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data         7130                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst          325                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data           93                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data            6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          654                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data          148                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   37352                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst          264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         3678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         3520                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         6797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         3867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 18508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       140190                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       611040                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data       423429                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data       347872                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           45                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           57                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total            1522633                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          358                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           60                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total              430                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          518                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         3247                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          267                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         2199                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                6245                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst          264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data         4196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data         6767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data         7064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data         6066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  24753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst          264                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data         4196                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst            7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data         6767                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data         7064                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst           65                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data         6066                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          153                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 24753                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1382000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     33627000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    476601378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       992500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      1019500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    455157410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      1641000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      1330500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    895453756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       984000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      8318000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    500645482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      4598500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      4468500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       134500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     19652500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4395000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2410650526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1959000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1252000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       586997                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2479996                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       131000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       130000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      6538993                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       130500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       260500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1107500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       130500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1760000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     66067409                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    419595251                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     34818975                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    283915796                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1122000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       562500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     806081931                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1382000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     33627000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    542668787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       992500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      1019500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    874752661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      1641000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      1330500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    930272731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       984000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      8318000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    784561278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       249000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      4598500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5590500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       134500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     19652500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4957500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       3216732457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1382000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     33627000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    542668787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       992500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      1019500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    874752661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      1641000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      1330500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    930272731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       984000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      8318000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    784561278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       249000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      4598500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5590500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       134500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     19652500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4957500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      3216732457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         2326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         9182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         2768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         9691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         1682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        10719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         3008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        10793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               55152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10202                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             10202                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       140198                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       611042                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data       423434                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data       347879                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           46                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           61                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          1522660                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          358                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            437                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          646                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         3475                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          393                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         2403                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              6953                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         2326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data         9828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         2768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data        13166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         1682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data        11112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         3008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data        13196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data          136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                62105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         2326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data         9828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         2768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data        13166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         1682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data        11112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         3008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data        13196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data          136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               62105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.012486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.113500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.400566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.008939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.002529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.363224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.014806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.006540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.634108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.009423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.021609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.358288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.097222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.283333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.189591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.202381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.335582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999943                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999997                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.999988                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.999980                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.978261                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.934426                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.999982                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.714286                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.967742                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.983982                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.801858                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.934388                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.679389                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.915106                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.562500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.263158                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.898173                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.012486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.113500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.426943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.008939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.002529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.513975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.014806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.006540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.635709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.009423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.021609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.459685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.097222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.316176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.189591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.208556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.398567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.012486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.113500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.426943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.008939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.002529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.513975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.014806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.006540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.635709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.009423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.021609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.459685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.097222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.316176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.189591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.208556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.398567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 125636.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       127375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 129581.668842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 124062.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 145642.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 129306.082386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 126230.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 120954.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 131742.497572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       123000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 127969.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 129466.118955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 131385.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 131426.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       134500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 128447.712418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 129264.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130249.109898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    13.973893                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     2.048966                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     1.386294                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     7.129047                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  2911.111111                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  2280.701754                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total     4.294530                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        43500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        52100                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   182.960894                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 18458.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        65250                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        32750                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4093.023256                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 127543.260618                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 129225.516169                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 130408.146067                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 129111.321510                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 124666.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       112500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129076.370056                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 125636.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       127375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 129330.025500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 124062.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 145642.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 129267.424413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 126230.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 120954.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 131692.062712                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       123000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 127969.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 129337.500495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 131385.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 130011.627907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       134500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 128447.712418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 127115.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129953.236254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 125636.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       127375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 129330.025500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 124062.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 145642.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 129267.424413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 126230.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 120954.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 131692.062712                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       123000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 127969.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 129337.500495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 131385.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 130011.627907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       134500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 128447.712418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 127115.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129953.236254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                11628                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     11628                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         3677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         3520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         6797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst           64                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         3867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            18497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       140190                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       611040                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       423429                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       347872                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           45                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           57                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       1522633                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          358                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           60                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          518                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         3247                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          267                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         2199                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           6245                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         4195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         6767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         7064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         6066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             24742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         4195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         6767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         7064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst           64                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         6066                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            24742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1261000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     30271000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    436030878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       904500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       942500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    416437410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      1272000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      1147000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    820686756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       793500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      7475500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    458108482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      4213500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      4094500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       123500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     17969500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4021000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2205979526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   7638149079                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  33269140860                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  23076985906                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  18947271425                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2451500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3105000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  82937103770                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       162500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       270500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     19412499                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3268981                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       108500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       109000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23331980                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     60369409                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    383878251                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     31881975                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    259726796                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1023000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       507500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    737386931                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1261000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     30271000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    496400287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       904500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       942500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    800315661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      1272000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      1147000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    852568731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       793500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      7475500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    717835278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       227000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      4213500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5117500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       123500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     17969500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4528500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2943366457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1261000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     30271000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    496400287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       904500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       942500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    800315661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      1272000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      1147000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    852568731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       793500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      7475500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    717835278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       227000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      4213500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5117500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       123500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     17969500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4528500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2943366457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      1042000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1043500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data      1042999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data      1001500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data       100500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       140000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       100000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       295500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      4765999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       560000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       520000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       520000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       520000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data        80000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       100000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data        91500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       214500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2606000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      1602000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1563500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data      1562999                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data      1521500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data       180500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       240000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       191500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       510000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7371999                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.012486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.111350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.400457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.008939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.363224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.012528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.005945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.634108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.008245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.021277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.358288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.097222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.283333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.189591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.202381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.335382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999943                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999997                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.999988                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.999980                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.934426                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983982                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.801858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.934388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.679389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.915106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.562500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.263158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.898173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.012486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.111350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.426842                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.008939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.513975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.012528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.005945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.635709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.008245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.021277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.459685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.097222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.316176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.189591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.208556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.398390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.012486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.111350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.426842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.008939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.513975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.012528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.005945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.635709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.008245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.021277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.459685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.097222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.316176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.189591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.208556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.398390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 114636.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 116876.447876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118583.322818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 113062.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 134642.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118306.082386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 115636.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       114700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 120742.497572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 113357.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 116804.687500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 118466.118955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 120385.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 120426.470588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       123500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 117447.712418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 118264.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119261.476239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54484.264776                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54446.747938                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54500.248934                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54466.215806                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54477.777778                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54473.684211                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54469.529933                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54166.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54100                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54224.857542                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54483.016667                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        54250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54260.418605                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 116543.260618                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118225.516169                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 119408.146067                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 118111.321510                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 113666.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       101500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118076.370056                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 114636.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 116876.447876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118331.415256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 113062.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 134642.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118267.424413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 115636.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       114700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 120692.062712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 113357.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 116804.687500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 118337.500495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 120385.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 119011.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       123500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 117447.712418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 116115.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118962.349729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 114636.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 116876.447876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118331.415256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 113062.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 134642.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118267.424413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 115636.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       114700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 120692.062712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 113357.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 116804.687500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 118337.500495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 120385.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 119011.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       123500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 117447.712418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 116115.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118962.349729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                       2194                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples         6214                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         6214    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total          6214                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2757                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2757    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2757                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples         21363                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     7424874.783504                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    17493404.406026                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        20645     96.64%     96.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          540      2.53%     99.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08           77      0.36%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08           45      0.21%     99.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           13      0.06%     99.80% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           13      0.06%     99.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           24      0.11%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            4      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total           21363                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        7446038.310636      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                   1590784                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples        21363                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    3287028.975331                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   12351494.391879                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07        19131     89.55%     89.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         2006      9.39%     98.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          136      0.64%     99.58% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           24      0.11%     99.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           16      0.07%     99.77% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           17      0.08%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           13      0.06%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            5      0.02%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            9      0.04%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            4      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total          21363                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       3303625.301323      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                 705792                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples            6214                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       100191.277760                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      98878.954055                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev      20031.760261                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            3      0.05%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-98303         5487     88.30%     88.35% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          229      3.69%     92.03% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          146      2.35%     94.38% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-147455           91      1.46%     95.85% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           86      1.38%     97.23% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           87      1.40%     98.63% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           11      0.18%     98.81% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            3      0.05%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           61      0.98%     99.84% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            4      0.06%     99.90% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            5      0.08%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            1      0.02%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total              6214                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples                6214                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           34380771.483746                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          35462916.167032                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows              6214    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value            130000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value         348454000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                  6214                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples              2757                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         77482098.295248                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        121893055.789311                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2757    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value          112000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1686913000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                2757                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                  8971                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             23814700.925203                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            23956207.770455                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 1      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 1      0.01%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows                8969     99.98%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value               69000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value           277361000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                    8971                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples        21363                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.002528                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.050214                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0            21309     99.75%     99.75% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1               54      0.25%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total        21363                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples        21363                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0           21363    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total        21363                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples             21363                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean             0.290034                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            0.684842                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0                   16400     76.77%     76.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::1                    4249     19.89%     96.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::2                     539      2.52%     99.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::3                      73      0.34%     99.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4                      31      0.15%     99.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::5                      14      0.07%     99.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::6                      12      0.06%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::7                      14      0.07%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8                      20      0.09%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::9                       4      0.02%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::10                      1      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::11                      0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12                      3      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::13                      1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::14                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::17                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total               21363                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples            21363                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.128400                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.482480                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                  19131     89.55%     89.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                   2006      9.39%     98.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                    136      0.64%     99.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                     24      0.11%     99.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                     16      0.07%     99.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                     17      0.08%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                     13      0.06%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                      5      0.02%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                      9      0.04%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      4      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total              21363                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples         6224                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         6224    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total          6224                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2918                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    255.912611                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   255.513976                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     4.720604                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      0.03%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2917     99.97%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2918                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples         21363                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     7439254.786313                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    16885732.050026                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        20692     96.86%     96.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          531      2.49%     99.34% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08           57      0.27%     99.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08           44      0.21%     99.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           12      0.06%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           10      0.05%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           12      0.06%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total           21363                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        7458020.992179      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                   1593344                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples        21363                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    3482357.346815                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   13178136.568692                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07        19061     89.22%     89.22% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         2053      9.61%     98.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          140      0.66%     99.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           30      0.14%     99.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           17      0.08%     99.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           17      0.08%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           13      0.06%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08           11      0.05%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08           16      0.07%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            4      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total          21363                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       3495352.886742      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                 746753                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples            6224                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       99989.797558                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      98753.154507                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev      19293.974993                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            5      0.08%      0.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            1      0.02%      0.10% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303         5463     87.77%     87.87% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          276      4.43%     92.30% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          125      2.01%     94.31% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          106      1.70%     96.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           87      1.40%     97.41% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           97      1.56%     98.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            6      0.10%     99.07% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.07% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           42      0.67%     99.74% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            7      0.11%     99.86% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            8      0.13%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            1      0.02%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total              6224                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples                6224                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           34325350.417738                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          33766929.196829                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows              6224    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value            113000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value         406037000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                  6224                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples              2918                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         73215259.766964                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        118450875.764327                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2918    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value          130000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value      2424341000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                2918                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                  9142                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             23369261.868300                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            22816386.511045                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 2      0.02%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows                9140     99.98%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value               82000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value           224238000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                    9142                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples        21363                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.003043                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.055077                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0            21298     99.70%     99.70% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1               65      0.30%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total        21363                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples        21363                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0           21363    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total        21363                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples             21363                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean             0.290596                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            0.660450                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-1                 20696     96.88%     96.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::2-3                   583      2.73%     99.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4-5                    45      0.21%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::6-7                    23      0.11%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-9                    11      0.05%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::10-11                   0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12-13                   1      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::14-15                   0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-17                   2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::18-19                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::20-21                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::22-23                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total               21363                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples            21363                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.136030                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.514771                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                  19061     89.22%     89.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                   2053      9.61%     98.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                    140      0.66%     99.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                     30      0.14%     99.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                     17      0.08%     99.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                     17      0.08%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                     13      0.06%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                     11      0.05%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                     16      0.07%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      4      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total              21363                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples         6235                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         6235    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total          6235                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2936                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2936    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2936                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples         21363                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     7453634.789121                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    17866523.107150                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        20666     96.74%     96.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          528      2.47%     99.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08           66      0.31%     99.52% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08           45      0.21%     99.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            8      0.04%     99.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           15      0.07%     99.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           27      0.13%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            2      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total           21363                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        7471201.941876      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                   1596160                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples        21363                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    3500332.350325                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   12347527.889377                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07        18958     88.74%     88.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         2153     10.08%     98.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          167      0.78%     99.60% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           26      0.12%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           15      0.07%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           10      0.05%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           11      0.05%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            9      0.04%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08           11      0.05%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            2      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total          21363                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       3518115.300938      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                 751616                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples            6235                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       100453.135525                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      99090.696768                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev      20260.917027                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            5      0.08%      0.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            2      0.03%      0.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303         5446     87.35%     87.46% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          262      4.20%     91.66% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          143      2.29%     93.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          112      1.80%     95.75% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           92      1.48%     97.23% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           90      1.44%     98.67% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            8      0.13%     98.80% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            3      0.05%     98.85% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           61      0.98%     99.82% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            6      0.10%     99.92% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            5      0.08%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total              6235                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples                6235                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           34264884.843625                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          35058364.444167                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows              6235    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value            130000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value         387914000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                  6235                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples              2936                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         72764029.632153                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        114865750.907416                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             1      0.03%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2935     99.97%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value           79000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1717446000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                2936                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                  9171                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             23295298.440737                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            23093458.452064                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 1      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows                9170     99.99%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value               79000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value           212059000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                    9171                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples        21363                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.002855                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.053361                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0            21302     99.71%     99.71% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1               61      0.29%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total        21363                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples        21363                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0           21363    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total        21363                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples             21363                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean             0.291158                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            0.697039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-1                 20662     96.72%     96.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::2-3                   598      2.80%     99.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4-5                    43      0.20%     99.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::6-7                    25      0.12%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-9                    28      0.13%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::10-11                   3      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12-13                   2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::14-15                   0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-17                   0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::18-19                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::20-21                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::22-23                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total               21363                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples            21363                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.136732                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.482325                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                  18958     88.74%     88.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                   2153     10.08%     98.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                    167      0.78%     99.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                     26      0.12%     99.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                     15      0.07%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                     10      0.05%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                     11      0.05%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                      9      0.04%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                     11      0.05%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      2      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total              21363                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples         6045                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         6045    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total          6045                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3018                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         3018    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3018                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples         21363                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     7230744.745588                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    16492075.031574                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        20706     96.92%     96.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          518      2.42%     99.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08           59      0.28%     99.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08           36      0.17%     99.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           20      0.09%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            4      0.02%     99.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           13      0.06%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            3      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            2      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total           21363                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        7243530.992565      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                   1547520                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples        21363                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    3597397.369283                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   13619414.290567                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07        19001     88.94%     88.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         2098      9.82%     98.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          156      0.73%     99.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           29      0.14%     99.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           13      0.06%     99.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           17      0.08%     99.77% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.77% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           11      0.05%     99.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08           14      0.07%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08           20      0.09%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total          21363                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       3616373.289588      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                 772608                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples            6045                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       100497.799835                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      99106.330959                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev      20619.097237                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            3      0.05%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            1      0.02%      0.07% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-98303         5308     87.81%     87.87% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          247      4.09%     91.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          103      1.70%     93.66% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          115      1.90%     95.57% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           93      1.54%     97.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           93      1.54%     98.64% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            4      0.07%     98.71% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            5      0.08%     98.79% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           60      0.99%     99.78% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            8      0.13%     99.92% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            3      0.05%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            2      0.03%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total              6045                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples                6045                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           35341869.644334                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          35256003.881516                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows              6045    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value            130000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value         355886000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                  6045                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples              3018                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         70782617.958913                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        125320621.597400                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows            3018    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value          106000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value      3773978000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                3018                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                  9063                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             23572916.473574                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            23817027.132479                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows                9063    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value              106000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value           355886000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                    9063                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples        21363                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.002949                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.054226                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0            21300     99.71%     99.71% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1               63      0.29%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total        21363                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples        21363                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0           21363    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total        21363                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples             21363                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean             0.282451                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            0.644585                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0                   16381     76.68%     76.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::1                    4335     20.29%     96.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::2                     507      2.37%     99.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::3                      58      0.27%     99.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4                      22      0.10%     99.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::5                      17      0.08%     99.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::6                      17      0.08%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::7                       6      0.03%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8                       8      0.04%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::9                       5      0.02%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::10                      3      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::11                      1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12                      1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::13                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::19                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total               21363                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples            21363                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.140523                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.532008                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                  19001     88.94%     88.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                   2098      9.82%     98.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                    156      0.73%     99.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                     29      0.14%     99.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                     13      0.06%     99.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                     17      0.08%     99.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                     11      0.05%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                     14      0.07%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                     20      0.09%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total              21363                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       786897                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271       786897    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total         786897                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        11629                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     255.978072                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.877958                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      2.364662                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        11628     99.99%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         11629                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples          21363                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      29548509.104527                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     48600867.460864                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08        21156     99.03%     99.03% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08           62      0.29%     99.32% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08           46      0.22%     99.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08           86      0.40%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            3      0.01%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            2      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            2      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            1      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            1      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total            21363                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         29618792.237256      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                    6327808                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         21363                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     13867116.041754                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    36467138.781229                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07        20858     97.64%     97.64% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08          343      1.61%     99.24% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08           24      0.11%     99.35% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08           24      0.11%     99.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08           25      0.12%     99.58% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08           26      0.12%     99.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08           46      0.22%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08            6      0.03%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08            4      0.02%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            2      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            3      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total           21363                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        13933466.778591      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                 2976769                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples            24718                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        108955.052998                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       107696.333521                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       20150.611309                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           16      0.06%      0.06% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.06% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            4      0.02%      0.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            0      0.00%      0.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687        21946     88.79%     88.87% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071         1051      4.25%     93.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          428      1.73%     94.85% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          378      1.53%     96.38% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          386      1.56%     97.94% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607          211      0.85%     98.79% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991           18      0.07%     98.87% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           11      0.04%     98.91% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759          222      0.90%     99.81% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143           25      0.10%     99.91% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527           18      0.07%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            1      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            1      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            2      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total              24718                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20500                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples               786897                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            271498.893756                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           418216.930793                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 3      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                   764      0.10%      0.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000             19326      2.46%      2.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            10577      1.34%      3.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000             4511      0.57%      4.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            49166      6.25%     10.72% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            26405      3.36%     14.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            32443      4.12%     18.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            24018      3.05%     21.25% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000             5391      0.69%     21.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            12674      1.61%     23.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000             8509      1.08%     24.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000             3114      0.40%     25.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            12490      1.59%     26.61% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000             6297      0.80%     27.41% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            84948     10.80%     38.21% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000             4511      0.57%     38.78% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000             3322      0.42%     39.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000             8527      1.08%     40.28% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000             3021      0.38%     40.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            4176      0.53%     41.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows             462704     58.80%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                  0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value           55070500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                 786897                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples              11629                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          18371456.058131                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         29162307.052781                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            284      2.44%      2.44% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000              3      0.03%      2.47% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             88      0.76%      3.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             12      0.10%      3.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000              7      0.06%      3.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             16      0.14%      3.53% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000              8      0.07%      3.59% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000              9      0.08%      3.67% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000              2      0.02%      3.69% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             14      0.12%      3.81% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             10      0.09%      3.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000              5      0.04%      3.94% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             15      0.13%      4.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000              5      0.04%      4.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000              4      0.03%      4.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000              3      0.03%      4.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000             9      0.08%      4.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            11135     95.75%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value        754478000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                11629                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                 798526                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              267545.029842                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             414069.105706                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   5      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                     819      0.10%      0.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000               20275      2.54%      2.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000              10630      1.33%      3.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000               5013      0.63%      4.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000              49532      6.20%     10.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000              27064      3.39%     14.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000              32969      4.13%     18.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000              26341      3.30%     21.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000               5615      0.70%     22.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000              12771      1.60%     23.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000               8681      1.09%     25.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000               3259      0.41%     25.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000              12169      1.52%     26.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000               6390      0.80%     27.74% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000              85364     10.69%     38.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000               4842      0.61%     39.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000               3474      0.44%     39.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000               8677      1.09%     40.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000               3167      0.40%     40.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000              4225      0.53%     41.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows               467244     58.51%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                    0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             55070500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                   798526                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples        21363                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.012311                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.118459                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0             21120     98.86%     98.86% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1               223      1.04%     99.91% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2                20      0.09%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total         21363                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples        21363                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0            21363    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total        21363                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples              21363                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean             36.830314                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev             8.208128                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-7                    321      1.50%      1.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::8-15                   255      1.19%      2.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-23                  865      4.05%      6.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::24-31                  636      2.98%      9.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-39                11758     55.04%     64.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::40-47                 6349     29.72%     94.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::48-55                 1127      5.28%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::56-63                   44      0.21%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-71                    4      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::72-79                    3      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::80-87                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::88-95                    1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-103                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::104-111                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::112-119                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::120-127                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-135                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::136-143                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::144-151                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::152-159                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                21363                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples             21363                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             0.541684                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            1.424498                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-1                 19371     90.68%     90.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2-3                  1761      8.24%     98.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-5                    69      0.32%     99.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6-7                    24      0.11%     99.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-9                    16      0.07%     99.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10-11                  17      0.08%     99.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-13                  16      0.07%     99.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14-15                  26      0.12%     99.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-17                  41      0.19%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18-19                   9      0.04%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-21                   5      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::22-23                   1      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-25                   1      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::26-27                   1      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-29                   3      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-33                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::34-35                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total               21363                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    16137214                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                       621                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3322738                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      380                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     4                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                16137835                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                3323118                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         19459952                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           1001                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     19460953                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    60225366                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                60225366                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         60225366                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     60225366                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       427272469                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   58647375                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     59526871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             46831131                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     462942                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      8182548                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    46831131                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           65712738                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          31466489                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           227112176                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           37976995                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     19461852                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   16138085                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3323767                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              28303076.710736                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              398969392.289264                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.933759                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.066241                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         10712957                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 40066742     67.31%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     616      0.00%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                12      0.00%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                16138085     27.11%     94.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3323767      5.58%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  59529222                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2326                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           60447434                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         25987.718831                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        120453058                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       120453058                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst     60223040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       60223040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst     60223040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        60223040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst     60223040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       60223040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     66019939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66019939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     66019939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66019939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     66019939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66019939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     60225366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     60225366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     60225366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     60225366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     60225366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     60225366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 28383.464746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28383.464746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 28383.464746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28383.464746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 28383.464746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28383.464746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     61313061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61313061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     61313061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61313061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     61313061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61313061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 26359.871453                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26359.871453                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 26359.871453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26359.871453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 26359.871453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26359.871453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry               223                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            10023                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          210.963905                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           27683296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            10023                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          2761.977053                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   210.963905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.824078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.824078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.792969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         42477623                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        42477623                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data     12820766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       12820766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      2640195                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2640195                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          265                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          265                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         9340                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9340                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          308                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          308                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data     15460961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15460961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data     15461226                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15461226                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data      3104915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3104915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       645088                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       645088                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           56                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           56                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       201820                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       201820                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        32751                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        32751                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data      3750003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       3750003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data      3750059                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      3750059                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  82526131479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82526131479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  18811608612                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  18811608612                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3033344384                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   3033344384                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    786053860                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    786053860                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      8115486                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      8115486                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 101337740091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 101337740091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 101337740091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 101337740091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data     15925681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15925681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      3285283                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3285283                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          321                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          321                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       211160                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       211160                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        33059                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        33059                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data     19210964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19210964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data     19211285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19211285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.194963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.194963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.196357                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.196357                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.174455                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.174455                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.955768                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.955768                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.990683                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.990683                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.195201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.195201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.195201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.195201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 26579.191855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26579.191855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 29161.306073                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29161.306073                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 15029.949381                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15029.949381                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 24000.911728                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24000.911728                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 27023.375739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27023.375739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 27022.972196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27022.972196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1182                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1182                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           55                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           55                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data      3104915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3104915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       645088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       645088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           56                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       201765                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       201765                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        31994                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        31994                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data      3750003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3750003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data      3750059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3750059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  75573498515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  75573498515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  17462099388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17462099388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1660500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1660500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   2592452116                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2592452116                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    721119140                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    721119140                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      7539514                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7539514                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  93035597903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  93035597903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  93037258403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  93037258403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      1800999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1800999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       953001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       953001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      2754000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2754000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.194963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.194963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.196357                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.196357                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.174455                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.174455                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.955508                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955508                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.967785                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.967785                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.195201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.195201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.195201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.195201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 24339.957298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24339.957298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 27069.329127                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27069.329127                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 29651.785714                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29651.785714                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 12848.869308                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12848.869308                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 22539.199225                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22539.199225                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 24809.472927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24809.472927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 24809.545237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24809.545237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry             78409                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    17368555                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                       627                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    6036124                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      449                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     3                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                17369182                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                6036573                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         23404679                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           1076                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     23405755                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    55648367                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                55648367                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         55648367                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     55648367                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       427272796                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   54542563                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     55617088                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             45910559                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     591460                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      5974985                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    45910559                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           73613577                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          31000247                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           219284676                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           31833972                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     23406358                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   17369226                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   6037132                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              6425898.673852                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              420846897.326148                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.984961                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.015039                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          8117340                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 32212493     57.92%     57.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     583      0.00%     57.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     57.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     57.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     57.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     57.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                17369226     31.23%     89.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                6037132     10.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  55619442                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             2768                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           55847278                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2768                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         20176.039740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        111299502                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       111299502                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst     55645599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       55645599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst     55645599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        55645599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst     55645599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       55645599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2768                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2768                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2768                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2768                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     42334434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     42334434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     42334434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     42334434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     42334434                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     42334434                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     55648367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     55648367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     55648367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     55648367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     55648367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     55648367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15294.231936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15294.231936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15294.231936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15294.231936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15294.231936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15294.231936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     36740566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36740566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     36740566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36740566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     36740566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36740566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 13273.325867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13273.325867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 13273.325867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13273.325867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 13273.325867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13273.325867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry               210                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements            13735                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          229.788577                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           30705818                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13735                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs          2235.589225                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   229.788577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.897612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.897612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.816406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         49750744                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        49750744                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data     14929325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       14929325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      4154765                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4154765                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          547                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          547                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        28365                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        28365                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          699                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          699                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data     19084090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        19084090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data     19084637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       19084637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data      2137187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2137187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data      1774553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1774553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          130                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          130                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       272949                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       272949                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       102990                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       102990                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data      3911740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       3911740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data      3911870                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      3911870                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  53241069970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  53241069970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  60690093990                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  60690093990                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   4452506375                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   4452506375                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   2448096304                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total   2448096304                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    102217500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total    102217500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 113931163960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 113931163960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 113931163960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 113931163960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data     17066512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17066512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      5929318                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5929318                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          677                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          677                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       301314                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       301314                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       103689                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       103689                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data     22995830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22995830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data     22996507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22996507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.125227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.125227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.299285                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.299285                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.192024                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.192024                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.905862                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.905862                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.993259                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.993259                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.170106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.170106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.170107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.170107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 24911.750806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24911.750806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 34200.214922                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34200.214922                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 16312.594569                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16312.594569                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 23770.233071                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23770.233071                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 29125.443910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29125.443910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 29124.476008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29124.476008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             4460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          129                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          129                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data      2137187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2137187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data      1774553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1774553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          130                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          130                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       272820                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       272820                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        98839                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        98839                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data      3911740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3911740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data      3911870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3911870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  48449713018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  48449713018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  57014435008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  57014435008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1366001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1366001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   3836011624                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3836011624                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   2257359696                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2257359696                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     93547500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93547500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 105464148026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 105464148026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 105465514027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 105465514027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1901501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1901501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       993500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       993500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      2895001                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2895001                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.125227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.299285                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299285                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.192024                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.192024                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.905434                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.905434                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.953226                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953226                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.170106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.170107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 22669.852015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22669.852015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 32128.899508                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32128.899508                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10507.700000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10507.700000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 14060.595352                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14060.595352                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 22838.754904                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22838.754904                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 26960.929925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26960.929925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 26960.383148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26960.383148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry            141494                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                    17605646                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                       621                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    5545660                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                      377                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     5                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                17606267                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                5546037                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                         23151306                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                            998                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                     23152304                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                    57195821                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         3                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                57195824                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                         57195821                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              3                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                     57195824                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                       427272822                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   56223577                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     57237638                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             47058026                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     604917                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      6402219                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    47058026                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           73267717                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          31962262                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           224878561                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           33517530                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     23152802                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   17606446                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   5546356                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              2578500.630651                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              424694321.369349                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.993965                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.006035                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          8621987                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 34086097     59.55%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                     585      0.00%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                17606446     30.76%     90.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                5546356      9.69%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  57239492                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             1682                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           57356901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1682                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         34100.416766                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        114393324                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       114393324                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst     57194139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       57194139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst     57194139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        57194139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst     57194139                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       57194139                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1682                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1682                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          1682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1682                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         1682                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     26847948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     26847948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     26847948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     26847948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     26847948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     26847948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     57195821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     57195821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     57195821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     57195821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     57195821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     57195821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15961.919144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15961.919144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15961.919144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15961.919144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15961.919144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15961.919144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1682                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1682                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     23440052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23440052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     23440052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23440052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     23440052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23440052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 13935.821641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13935.821641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 13935.821641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13935.821641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 13935.821641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13935.821641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry               148                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            11229                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          224.402307                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            4637713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            11229                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           413.012111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   224.402307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.876572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.876572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.906250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         49529325                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        49529325                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data     15021779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       15021779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      3851575                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3851575                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          185                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          185                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data        23196                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        23196                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          248                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          248                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data     18873354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        18873354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data     18873539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       18873539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data      2339179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2339179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data      1579776                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1579776                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           49                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           49                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data       221206                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       221206                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data       110689                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       110689                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data      3918955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       3918955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data      3919004                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      3919004                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  58810150689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  58810150689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  54431201583                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  54431201583                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   4112618366                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   4112618366                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   2798075274                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total   2798075274                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     27617499                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total     27617499                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 113241352272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 113241352272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 113241352272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 113241352272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data     17360958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17360958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      5431351                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5431351                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          234                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          234                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data       244402                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       244402                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data       110937                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       110937                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data     22792309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22792309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data     22792543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22792543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.134738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.134738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.290862                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.290862                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.209402                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.209402                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.905091                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.905091                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.997764                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.997764                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.171942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.171942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.171942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.171942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 25141.363995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25141.363995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 34455.012345                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34455.012345                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 18591.802962                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18591.802962                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 25278.711290                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25278.711290                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 28895.803160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28895.803160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 28895.441870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28895.441870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             1111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data      2339179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2339179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data      1579776                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1579776                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           49                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           49                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       221160                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       221160                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       104925                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       104925                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data      3918955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3918955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data      3919004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3919004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  53398147303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  53398147303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  51150832403                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51150832403                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       973501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       973501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   3607501133                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3607501133                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   2591313726                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2591313726                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     24314501                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24314501                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 104548979706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 104548979706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 104549953207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 104549953207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data      1889504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1889504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data      1049500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1049500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data      2939004                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2939004                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.134738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.290862                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290862                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.209402                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.209402                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.904903                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.904903                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.945807                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.945807                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.171942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.171942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.171942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.171942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 22827.730286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22827.730286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 32378.534933                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32378.534933                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 19867.367347                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19867.367347                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 16311.725145                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16311.725145                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 24696.818928                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24696.818928                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 26677.769892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26677.769892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 26677.684740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26677.684740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry            161768                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                    18227570                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                       618                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                    6639875                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                      442                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     3                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                18228188                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                6640317                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                         24867445                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                           1060                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                     24868505                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                    57902899                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         3                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                57902902                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                         57902899                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              3                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                     57902902                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                       427283322                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   56998458                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     58176826                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             48323697                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     711069                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      6197094                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    48323697                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           78113715                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          32320035                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           229716634                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           33208215                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                     24868969                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   18228361                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   6640608                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                  0.004000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              427283321.996000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          8253812                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 33309447     57.25%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     568      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                18228361     31.33%     88.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                6640608     11.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  58178990                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             3007                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           47122359                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3007                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         15670.887596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        115808805                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       115808805                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst     57899891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       57899891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst     57899891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        57899891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst     57899891                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       57899891                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst         3008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst         3008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          3008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst         3008                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         3008                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     52945930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     52945930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     52945930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     52945930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     52945930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     52945930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     57902899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     57902899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     57902899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     57902899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     57902899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     57902899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 17601.705452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17601.705452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 17601.705452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17601.705452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 17601.705452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17601.705452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         3008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         3008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         3008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     46882070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46882070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     46882070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46882070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     46882070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46882070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 15585.794548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15585.794548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 15585.794548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15585.794548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 15585.794548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15585.794548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry               239                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            12986                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          218.899360                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            8989300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           692.230094                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   218.899360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.855076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.855076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.957031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         53044394                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        53044394                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data     15508816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       15508816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      4899583                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4899583                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          579                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          579                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data        39018                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        39018                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         5418                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         5418                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data     20408399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        20408399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data     20408978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       20408978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data      2419552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2419552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data      1574736                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1574736                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          122                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          122                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data       259433                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       259433                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data       155948                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       155948                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data      3994288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       3994288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data      3994410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      3994410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  61655603413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  61655603413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  53042283344                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  53042283344                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   6123170738                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   6123170738                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   3962232336                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total   3962232336                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     91691000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total     91691000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 114697886757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 114697886757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 114697886757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 114697886757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data     17928368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17928368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      6474319                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6474319                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          701                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          701                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data       298451                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       298451                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data       161366                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       161366                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data     24402687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24402687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data     24403388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24403388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.134957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.134957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.243228                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.243228                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.174037                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.174037                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.869265                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.869265                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.966424                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.966424                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.163682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.163682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.163683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.163683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 25482.239445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25482.239445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 33683.286179                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33683.286179                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 23602.127478                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23602.127478                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 25407.394362                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25407.394362                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 28715.477391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28715.477391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 28714.600343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28714.600343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3284                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             3284                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data          121                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          121                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data      2419552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2419552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data      1574736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1574736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          122                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          122                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       259312                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       259312                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       154249                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       154249                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data      3994288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3994288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data      3994410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3994410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  56095610585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  56095610585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  49766659652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  49766659652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1588502                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1588502                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   5579558760                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5579558760                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   3660021664                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3660021664                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     83067000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83067000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 105862270237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 105862270237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 105863858739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 105863858739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data      1754498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1754498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       891501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       891501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data      2645999                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2645999                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.134957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.243228                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243228                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.174037                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.174037                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.868860                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.868860                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.955895                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955895                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.163682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.163683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 23184.296343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23184.296343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 31603.176438                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31603.176438                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 13020.508197                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13020.508197                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 21516.778090                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21516.778090                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 23728.009024                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23728.009024                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 26503.414435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26503.414435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 26503.002631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26503.002631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry            177187                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                         154                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                        162                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                     154                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                    162                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                              316                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                          316                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                         613                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                     613                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                              613                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                          613                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                       669343977                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                        599                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                          822                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                  789                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                         54                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts           52                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                         789                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads               1401                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes               556                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads                3024                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes                183                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                          342                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                        173                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                       169                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              669338914.036827                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles               5062.963173                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.000008                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.999992                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                              110                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                      508     59.76%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                     173     20.35%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                    169     19.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                       850                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                 67                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs            33.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses             1228                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses            1228                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst          611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst          611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total             611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst          611                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total            611                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total             2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        26500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        26500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        26500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::total        26500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        26500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::total        26500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.003263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.003263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.003263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        13250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        13250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        13250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        13250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        13250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        13250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        22500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        22500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        22500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        22500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        22500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        22500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.003263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.003263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.003263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        11250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        11250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        11250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                 1                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          183.000081                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   183.000081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.714844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.714844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              626                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses             626                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          149                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           149                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data          285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total             285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total            287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total            16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       110996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       110996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       200000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       200000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       310996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total       310996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       310996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total       310996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data          301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total          301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data          303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total          303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.062069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.062069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.044872                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.044872                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.053156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.052805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.052805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 12332.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12332.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 28571.428571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28571.428571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 19437.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19437.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 19437.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19437.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           16                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        92004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        92004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       186000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       186000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       278004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       278004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       278004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       278004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data       167503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       167503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data       136001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       136001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data       303504                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       303504                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.062069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.044872                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044872                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.053156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.052805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 10222.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10222.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 26571.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26571.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 17375.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17375.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 17375.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17375.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 5                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                        5042                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         1                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                       4157                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        1                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                    5043                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                   4158                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                             9199                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                         9201                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                       22493                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                   22493                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                            22493                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                        22493                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                       669344261                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                      22316                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                        25944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                23784                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                       1281                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts         2632                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                       23784                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads              42647                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes             16488                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads               95680                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes               9668                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                         9918                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                       5210                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                      4708                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              669143983.839617                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              200277.160383                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.000299                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.999701                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                             3928                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                    16727     62.58%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                      79      0.30%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.02%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                    5210     19.49%     82.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                   4708     17.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                     26730                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements              360                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs              29315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs              360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs            81.430556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses            45346                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses           45346                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst        22133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          22133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst        22133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total           22133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst        22133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total          22133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst          360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst          360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total           360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst          360                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total          360                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      9580997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9580997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      9580997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9580997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      9580997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9580997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        22493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        22493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        22493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total        22493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        22493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total        22493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 26613.880556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26613.880556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 26613.880556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26613.880556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 26613.880556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26613.880556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      8858003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8858003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      8858003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8858003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      8858003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8858003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 24605.563889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24605.563889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 24605.563889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24605.563889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 24605.563889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24605.563889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                26                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements              142                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          212.742751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs              15965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs           112.429577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   212.742751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.831026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.831026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.839844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            18564                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses           18564                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         4738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           4738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         4016                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          4016                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           57                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           57                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           59                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           59                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           61                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           61                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data         8754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total            8754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data         8811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total           8811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data          232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total           232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data          242                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total          242                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5891998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5891998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      4522000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4522000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       712998                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       712998                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       165000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       165000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     10413998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     10413998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     10413998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     10413998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         4899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         4087                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         4087                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           67                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           67                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           69                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           69                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           65                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           65                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data         8986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total         8986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data         9053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total         9053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.032864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.017372                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017372                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.149254                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.149254                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.144928                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.144928                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.061538                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.061538                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.025818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.026731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 36596.260870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36596.260870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 63690.140845                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63690.140845                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 71299.800000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71299.800000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        41250                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        41250                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 44887.922414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44887.922414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 43033.049587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43033.049587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           61                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total               61                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5568002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5568002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      4380000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4380000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       712002                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       712002                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       157000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       157000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      9948002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9948002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     10660004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10660004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       224000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       224000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       173501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       173501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       397501                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       397501                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.032864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.017372                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017372                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.149254                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149254                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.061538                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061538                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.025818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.026731                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026731                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 34583.863354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34583.863354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 61690.140845                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61690.140845                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 71200.200000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71200.200000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        39250                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        39250                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 42879.318966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42879.318966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 44049.603306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44049.603306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry                28                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                         154                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                        162                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                     154                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                    162                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                              316                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                          316                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                         613                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                     613                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                              613                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                          613                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                       669343280                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                        599                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                          822                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                  789                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                         54                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts           52                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                         789                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads               1401                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes               556                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads                3024                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes                183                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                          342                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                        173                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                       169                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              669338187.278424                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles               5092.721576                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.000008                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.999992                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                              110                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                      508     59.76%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                     173     20.35%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                    169     19.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                       850                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                 55                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs            27.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses             1228                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses            1228                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst          611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst          611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total             611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst          611                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total            611                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total             2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst        26000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        26000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst        26000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::total        26000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst        26000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::total        26000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.003263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.003263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.003263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst        13000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst        13000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst        13000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst        22000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        22000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst        22000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        22000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst        22000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        22000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.003263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.003263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.003263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst        11000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst        11000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst        11000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          185.000107                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                 12                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    6                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   185.000107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.722657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.722657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.738281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              628                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses             628                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          150                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           150                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data          284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total             284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data          286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total            286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            6                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total            17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       114494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       114494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       167500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       167500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       281994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total       281994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       281994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total       281994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data          301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total          301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data          303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total          303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.075862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.075862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.056478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.056106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 10408.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10408.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 27916.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27916.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 16587.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16587.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 16587.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16587.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        89506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        89506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       155500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       155500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       245006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       245006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       245006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       245006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       168002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       168002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       147002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       147002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       315004                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       315004                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.075862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.056478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.056106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  8136.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8136.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 25916.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25916.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 14412.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14412.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 14412.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14412.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 3                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        8089                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         1                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       7011                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    8090                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   7011                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                            15100                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              1                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                        15101                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       35835                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   35835                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                            35835                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        35835                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                       427283590                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                      35323                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        42471                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                39392                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       2539                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         3993                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       39392                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              70319                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes             27062                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads              156641                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes              14782                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                        16464                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       8391                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      8073                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              427045479.993769                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              238110.006231                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.000557                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.999443                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             6671                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                    27362     62.22%     62.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                     135      0.31%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                18      0.04%     62.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    8391     19.08%     81.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   8073     18.36%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     43979                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              807                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs             281993                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              807                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs           349.433705                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            72477                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           72477                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        35028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          35028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst        35028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           35028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        35028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          35028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          807                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          807                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     29963989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     29963989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     29963989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     29963989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     29963989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     29963989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        35835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        35835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        35835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        35835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        35835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 37130.097893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37130.097893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 37130.097893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37130.097893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 37130.097893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37130.097893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          807                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          807                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     28340011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28340011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     28340011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28340011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     28340011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28340011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 35117.733581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35117.733581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 35117.733581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35117.733581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 35117.733581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35117.733581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                52                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              270                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          225.286026                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs              15850                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            58.703704                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   225.286026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.880024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.880024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.859375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            30531                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           30531                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         7475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           7475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         6734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          6734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          129                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          129                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data        14209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total           14209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data        14307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total          14307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          118                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          118                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      7982997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7982997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5270996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5270996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       532500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       532500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       553500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       553500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     13253993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     13253993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     13253993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     13253993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         7807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         6852                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         6852                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          115                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          115                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          153                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          153                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          149                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          149                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data        14659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total        14659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data        14774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total        14774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.042526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.017221                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017221                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.147826                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.147826                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.156863                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.156863                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.147651                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.147651                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.030698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 24045.171687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24045.171687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 44669.457627                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44669.457627                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 22187.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22187.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 25159.090909                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25159.090909                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 29453.317778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29453.317778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 28381.141328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28381.141328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          104                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total              104                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      7317003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7317003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5032004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5032004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       502500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       502500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        16000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        16000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       509500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       509500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     12349007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12349007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     12851507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12851507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       491001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       491001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       335000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       335000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       826001                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       826001                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.042526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.017221                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017221                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.147826                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147826                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.052288                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052288                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.147651                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147651                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.030698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 22039.165663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22039.165663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 42644.101695                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42644.101695                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 29558.823529                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29558.823529                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 23159.090909                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23159.090909                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 27442.237778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27442.237778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 27519.286938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27519.286938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                52                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.offload_task 213641662000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -108567648.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       133076563.200000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -73240080.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       89773872.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -400079347.200000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       498715276.800000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -193724006.400000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       232322826.240000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -1028921586401.280762
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       1264474390487.040283
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -299962093083.840088
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       368613670308.480042
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -3320403381840.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       4080565922016.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.213642
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       4144416517.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       2472174041.167876
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       188188167.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       320.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       35716915.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       69356065.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       21560982.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       226470810.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       290823515.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       126793695.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       320.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       2374316.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       0.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       188188167.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       320.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       231032013.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       6.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       231032007.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       10955.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       68294515.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       21131522.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       90912451.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       4138.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       10001346.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       5574355.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       21629471
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       24718.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       11628.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       40524.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       172630.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       77501.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       18497.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       1.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
