sim_seconds                                  0.036622                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 36622006000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3548881145500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                7758875                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  8559804                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              734156901                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2623368                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    49.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   387036406                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     426989304                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data           27                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total           27                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           27                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total           27                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        96512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        98816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        96512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        88576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total           390912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::total        10496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks       190208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total        190208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          377                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          377                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          346                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total              1527                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks          743                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total              743                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        55923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2635355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         6990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2698268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        41942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2635355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       111845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2418655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        69903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total            10674238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        55923                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6990                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        41942                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       111845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        69903                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::total         286604                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks       5193817                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total            5193817                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks       5193817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        55923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2635355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         6990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2698268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        41942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2635355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       111845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2418655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        69903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total           15868055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                      1527                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                      743                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                   12216                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                   5944                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM               390656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                190208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys                390912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys             190208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5            1480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1             784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4             721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7             759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                 38143035000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5               12216                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5               5944                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                  1351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                  1364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                  1412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                  1413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                  1416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                  1417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                  1417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                  1419                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                   175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                   162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                  114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                  113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                  110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                  109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                  109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                  107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples         2531                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.499802                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.889037                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.876805                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63          237      9.36%      9.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::64-95           13      0.51%      9.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::96-127           10      0.40%     10.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::128-159            5      0.20%     10.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::160-191           10      0.40%     10.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::192-223           13      0.51%     11.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255          233      9.21%     20.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2010     79.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total         2531                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples          242                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.247934                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    40.025142                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.171981                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            2      0.83%      0.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           21      8.68%      9.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           70     28.93%     38.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           27     11.16%     49.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           31     12.81%     62.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           17      7.02%     69.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            6      2.48%     71.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           15      6.20%     78.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            5      2.07%     80.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            3      1.24%     81.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           12      4.96%     86.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            3      1.24%     87.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::104-107           10      4.13%     91.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            3      1.24%     92.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            3      1.24%     94.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            3      1.24%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            1      0.41%     95.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            1      0.41%     96.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            3      1.24%     97.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            2      0.83%     98.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.41%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::192-195            2      0.83%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::208-211            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total          242                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples          242                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.561983                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.489952                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.048753                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24            225     92.98%     92.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::32             17      7.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total          242                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                  376369688                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat             583295288                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                 39065600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   30829.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              47779.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                      10.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       5.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                   10.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    5.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.75                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    30.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                  10664                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                  4957                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              83.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                 16803099.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  86.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE  33176639890                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF    3217845600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT     227069778                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0          2004307.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1          2034547.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2          2105308.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3               2071440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0               1352112                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1               1372512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2          1420248.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3               1397400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0         7488499.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1              7660224                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2         7811481.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3         7644748.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        3603087.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        3583180.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2        3656586.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        3603087.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      2858263413.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      2858640598.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      2860472623.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      2861127403.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0      31519144752.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1       31518813888                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2       31517206848                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3       31516632480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        44161694359.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        44161943138.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        44162511285.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        44162314748.159996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          77.871952                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          77.872390                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          77.873392                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          77.873046                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        98816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       104704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        98560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        88576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total           400640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total         8704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks       192512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total        192512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          346                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total              1565                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks          752                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total              752                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        13981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2698268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        13981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2859046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        69903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2691278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.itb.walker         6990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        90874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2418655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        48932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        20971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total            10939870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        13981                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        13981                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        69903                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        90874                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        48932                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total         237671                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks       5256730                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total            5256730                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks       5256730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        13981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2698268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        13981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2859046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        69903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2691278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.itb.walker         6990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        90874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2418655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        48932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        20971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total           16196600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                      1565                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                      752                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                   12520                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                   6016                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM               399904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                   736                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                192512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys                400640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys             192512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                   23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         3396                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0            1632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1            1600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4            1593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5            1472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0             721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1             784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3             776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5             751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                 38119568000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5               12520                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5               6016                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                  1374                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                  1374                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                  1398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                  1399                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                  1399                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                  1403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                  1499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                  1500                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                   188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                   187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                  163                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                  162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                  162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                  158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                   62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                   61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples         2581                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.529640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.667227                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.055528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63          246      9.53%      9.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::64-95           13      0.50%     10.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::96-127            6      0.23%     10.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::128-159            5      0.19%     10.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::160-191            5      0.19%     10.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::192-223           14      0.54%     11.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255          242      9.38%     20.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2050     79.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total         2581                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples          244                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.856557                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    40.680482                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.033739                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            4      1.64%      1.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           18      7.38%      9.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           60     24.59%     33.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           44     18.03%     51.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           24      9.84%     61.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           12      4.92%     66.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           11      4.51%     70.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           13      5.33%     76.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            7      2.87%     79.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            8      3.28%     82.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            7      2.87%     85.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            6      2.46%     87.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            6      2.46%     90.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            4      1.64%     91.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            4      1.64%     93.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            5      2.05%     95.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            1      0.41%     95.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            2      0.82%     96.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            4      1.64%     98.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            1      0.41%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            2      0.82%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::200-203            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total          244                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples          244                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.655738                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.549059                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.634905                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24            227     93.03%     93.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::32             15      6.15%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::40              1      0.41%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::48              1      0.41%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total          244                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                  383588774                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat             595412924                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                 39990400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   30694.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              47644.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                      10.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       5.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                   10.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    5.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.82                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    30.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                  10915                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                  5017                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              83.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                 16452122.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  86.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE  33163425765                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF    3217845600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT     240359403                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0          2235340.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1               2174256                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2          2182723.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3          2244412.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0          1507968.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1               1466760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2               1472472                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3          1514088.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0         8410022.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1              8112000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2         8049100.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3         8447462.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0        3905418.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        3782246.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        3848601.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        3908321.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      2861436899.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      2861504259.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2      2861475148.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      2861249921.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0      31516360992.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1       31516301904                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2       31516327440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3       31516525008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        44163694829.760002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        44163179615.039993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        44163193675.200005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        44163727402.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          77.875479                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          77.874571                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          77.874596                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          77.875537                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       101376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        99840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        92672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        87040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total           390656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::total         8192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks       193024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total        193024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          396                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          390                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          362                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total              1526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks          754                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total              754                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        13981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2768172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        13981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         6990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2726230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        27961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2530500                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       139807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2376713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        34952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        13981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total            10667247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        13981                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6990                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        27961                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       139807                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        34952                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::total         223691                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks       5270711                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total            5270711                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks       5270711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        13981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2768172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        13981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         6990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2726230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        27961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2530500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       139807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2376713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        34952                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        13981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total           15937958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                      1526                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                      754                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                   12208                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                   6032                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM               389952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                   704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                193280                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys                390656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys             193024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                   22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0            1464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5            1522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6            1440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2             776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3             792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5             761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6             775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                 36622203000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5               12208                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5               6032                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                  1346                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                  1371                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                  1412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                  1414                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                  1415                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                  1415                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                  1416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                  1418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                   178                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                   151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                  110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                  109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                  108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                  108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                  107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                  105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                  258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples         2545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.167780                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.717576                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.916642                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63          235      9.23%      9.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::64-95           13      0.51%      9.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::96-127           14      0.55%     10.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::128-159           11      0.43%     10.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::160-191           14      0.55%     11.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::192-223           12      0.47%     11.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255          231      9.08%     20.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2015     79.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total         2545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples          246                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean    49.471545                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    39.208949                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    36.990308                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            3      1.22%      1.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           26     10.57%     11.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           68     27.64%     39.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           33     13.41%     52.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           24      9.76%     62.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           11      4.47%     67.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           12      4.88%     71.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           12      4.88%     76.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            8      3.25%     80.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           11      4.47%     84.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            4      1.63%     86.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            2      0.81%     86.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            6      2.44%     89.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            6      2.44%     91.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            3      1.22%     93.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            9      3.66%     96.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            1      0.41%     97.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            1      0.41%     97.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            2      0.81%     98.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            1      0.41%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            2      0.81%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total          246                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples          246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.552846                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.470187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.157865                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.41%      0.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24            227     92.28%     92.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::32             18      7.32%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total          246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  367740572                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             574293272                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                 38995200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   30177.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              47127.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                      10.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       5.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                   10.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    5.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     9.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    31.18                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                  10647                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                  5034                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              83.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                 16062369.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  86.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE  33166803288                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF    3217845600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT     237314250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0          2042409.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1          2024265.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2          2104099.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3          2058134.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0               1377816                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1               1365576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2               1419432                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3               1388424                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0              7727616                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1              7560384                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2         7793510.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3         7539916.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        3613040.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        3559956.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        3749483.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        3563274.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      2858843280.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      2859426869.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      2859747966.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      2861008715.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0       31518636096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1       31518124176                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2      31517842512.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3      31516736592.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0         44162078448                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        44161899416.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        44162495192.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        44162133245.760002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          77.872629                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          77.872313                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          77.873364                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          77.872726                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       101632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        97792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        94720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        87040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total           389888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::total         8704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks       188416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total        188416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          397                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          382                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          370                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total              1523                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks          736                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total              736                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        48932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2775162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         6990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2670307                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        34952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2586423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       104855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2376713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        41942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total            10646276                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        48932                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6990                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        34952                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       104855                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        41942                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::total         237671                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks       5144885                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total            5144885                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks       5144885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        48932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2775162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         6990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2670307                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        34952                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2586423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       104855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2376713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        41942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total           15791161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                      1523                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                      736                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                   12184                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                   5888                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM               389376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                   512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                188416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys                389888                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys             188416                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                   16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5            1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6            1472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1             800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3             713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4             735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                 38132805000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5               12184                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5               5888                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                  1340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                  1362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                  1414                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                  1416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                  1417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                  1418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                  1419                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                  1421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                   181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                   159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                  107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                  105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                  104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                  103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                  102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                  100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples         2509                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   230.287764                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   206.188693                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.053589                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63          229      9.13%      9.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::64-95           13      0.52%      9.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::96-127            8      0.32%      9.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.16%     10.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::160-191            8      0.32%     10.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::192-223           13      0.52%     10.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255          229      9.13%     20.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2005     79.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total         2509                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.091286                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    39.809906                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.797014                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            4      1.66%      1.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           13      5.39%      7.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           71     29.46%     36.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           47     19.50%     56.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           14      5.81%     61.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           18      7.47%     69.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            7      2.90%     72.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           16      6.64%     78.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            4      1.66%     80.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            9      3.73%     84.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            7      2.90%     87.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            6      2.49%     89.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            2      0.83%     90.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            2      0.83%     91.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            2      0.83%     92.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            6      2.49%     94.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            3      1.24%     95.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            1      0.41%     96.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            1      0.41%     96.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            1      0.41%     97.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            2      0.83%     97.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            2      0.83%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::192-195            2      0.83%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::208-211            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total          241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.431535                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.356315                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.040343                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.41%      0.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.41%      0.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.41%      1.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24            222     92.12%     93.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.41%     93.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::31              1      0.41%     94.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::32             14      5.81%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total          241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                  366365112                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat             572612712                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                 38937600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   30108.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              47058.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                      10.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       5.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                   10.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    5.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.62                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    31.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                  10630                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                  4917                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              83.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                 16880391.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  86.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE  33166771109                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF    3217845600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT     236938559                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0          1994025.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1               2029104                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2          2125267.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3          2072649.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0               1345176                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1               1368840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2               1433712                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3               1398216                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0         7436582.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1         7573363.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2         7890854.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3              7647744                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        3616358.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        3596866.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2        3702620.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        3616358.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      2859163830.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      2859686187.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      2860887291.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      2861363136.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0      31518354912.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1       31517896704                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2       31516843104                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3       31516425696                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        44161749073.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        44161989254.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        44162721038.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        44162361989.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          77.872048                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          77.872472                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          77.873762                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          77.873129                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        95488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       100096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        96512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        88576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total           389120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total         8448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks       191744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total        191744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          373                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          377                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          346                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total              1520                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks          749                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total              749                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        41942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2607394                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         6990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2733220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        41942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2635355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        90874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2418655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        48932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total            10625305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        41942                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6990                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        41942                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        90874                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        48932                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total         230681                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks       5235759                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total            5235759                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks       5235759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        41942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2607394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         6990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2733220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        41942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2635355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        90874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2418655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        48932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total           15861065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                      1520                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                      749                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                   12160                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                   5992                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM               389120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                191488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys                389120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys             191744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5            1464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6            1504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7            1480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1             792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3             735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5             745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6             768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                 38143659000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5               12160                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5               5992                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                  1346                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                  1367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                  1411                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                  1411                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                  1411                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                  1413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                  1413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                  1414                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                   174                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                   153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                  109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                  109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                  109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                  107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                  107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                  106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples         2541                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   228.495868                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   203.470551                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.706358                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63          241      9.48%      9.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::64-95           17      0.67%     10.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::96-127           13      0.51%     10.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.16%     10.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::160-191           15      0.59%     11.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::192-223           17      0.67%     12.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255          235      9.25%     21.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1999     78.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total         2541                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples          240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.566667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    41.547620                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             1      0.42%      0.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            1      0.42%      0.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           20      8.33%      9.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           56     23.33%     32.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           57     23.75%     56.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           20      8.33%     64.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           11      4.58%     69.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            5      2.08%     71.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           23      9.58%     80.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            3      1.25%     82.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            8      3.33%     85.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            1      0.42%     85.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            4      1.67%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            4      1.67%     89.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            5      2.08%     91.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            5      2.08%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            6      2.50%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            2      0.83%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.42%     97.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            2      0.83%     97.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            2      0.83%     98.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.42%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::256-263            1      0.42%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::272-279            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total          240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples          240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.933333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.794948                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.960644                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24            215     89.58%     89.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::32             23      9.58%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::40              1      0.42%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::48              1      0.42%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total          240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                  372530316                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat             578642316                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                 38912000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   30635.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              47585.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                      10.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       5.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                   10.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    5.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.85                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    31.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                  10618                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                  4985                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              83.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                 16810779.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  85.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE  33165447374                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF    3217845600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT     238262294                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0          2037571.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1          2075068.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2          2119219.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3          2072044.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0               1374552                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1          1399848.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2               1429632                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3          1397808.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0         7657228.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1         7661721.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2         7951756.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3         7609305.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        3606405.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        3593134.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        3646632.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        3659489.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      2858205026.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      2860728986.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      2860689150.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      2861081766.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0       31519195968                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1       31516981968                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2      31517016912.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3      31516672512.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        44161914940.799995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        44162278916.159996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        44162691492.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        44162331115.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          77.872341                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          77.872983                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          77.873710                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          77.873075                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        98816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        94976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       100352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        89088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total           394496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::total         8960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks       191232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total        191232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          371                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          392                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          348                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total              1541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks          747                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total              747                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        13981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        62913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2698268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        20971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2593413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        20971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2740210                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        13981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       118836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2432636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        41942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        13981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total            10772102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        62913                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        20971                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       118836                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        41942                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::total         244662                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks       5221778                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total            5221778                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks       5221778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        13981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        62913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2698268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        20971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2593413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        20971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2740210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        13981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       118836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2432636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        41942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        13981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total           15993881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                      1541                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                      747                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                   12328                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                   5976                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM               394240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                190976                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys                394496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys             191232                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0            1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3            1616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6            1440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3             745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4             727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5             768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6             776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                 38127043000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5               12328                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5               5976                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                  1361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                  1379                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                  1422                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                  1424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                  1424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                  1426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                  1428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                  1428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                   179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                   161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                  118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                  116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                  116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                  114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                  112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                  112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples         2548                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.676609                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.862016                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.916861                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63          244      9.58%      9.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::64-95            8      0.31%      9.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::96-127            8      0.31%     10.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.16%     10.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::160-191            8      0.31%     10.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::192-223           11      0.43%     11.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255          238      9.34%     20.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2027     79.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total         2548                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples          244                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.229508                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    40.028112                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.400466                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            5      2.05%      2.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           20      8.20%     10.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           64     26.23%     36.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           35     14.34%     50.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           22      9.02%     59.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           14      5.74%     65.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           11      4.51%     70.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           15      6.15%     76.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            9      3.69%     79.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           10      4.10%     84.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            8      3.28%     87.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            2      0.82%     88.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            6      2.46%     90.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            4      1.64%     92.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            5      2.05%     94.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            6      2.46%     96.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            2      0.82%     97.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            3      1.23%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            1      0.41%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::280-287            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total          244                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples          244                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.459016                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.386091                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.019035                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.41%      0.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.41%      0.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24            226     92.62%     93.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::27              1      0.41%     93.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::32             15      6.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total          244                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  381652992                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             590476992                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                 39424000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   30978.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              47928.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                      10.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       5.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                   10.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    5.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.86                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    31.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                  10758                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                  4982                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              83.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                 16663917.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  86.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE  33162645678                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF    3217845600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT     241063990                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0          2058739.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1          2029708.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2          2135548.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3          2028499.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0               1388832                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1          1369248.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2          1440648.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3               1368432                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0         7821964.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1         7591833.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2              7859904                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3         7532428.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0        3593134.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        3533829.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        3768975.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        3556638.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0        2859808104                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      2859287771.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      2861363903.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      2859992400.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0       31517789760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1      31518246192.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2       31516425024                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3       31517628096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        44162298722.879997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        44161896771.840004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2         44162832192                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        44161944684.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          77.873017                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          77.872309                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          77.873958                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          77.872393                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       100096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        99584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        96768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        85760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total           393984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::total        11520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks       191232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total        191232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          378                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total              1539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks          747                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total              747                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        76894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2733220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         6990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2719239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        34952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2642346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       153787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2341761                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        41942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         6990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total            10758122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        76894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6990                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        34952                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       153787                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        41942                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::total         314565                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks       5221778                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total            5221778                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks       5221778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        76894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2733220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         6990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2719239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        34952                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2642346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       153787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2341761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        41942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         6990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total           15979900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                      1539                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                      747                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                   12312                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                   5976                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM               393728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                191232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys                393984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys             191232                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           13                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0            1624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2            1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5            1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6            1488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0             776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1             776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                 38124464000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5               12312                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5               5976                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                  1347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                  1371                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                  1420                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                  1421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                  1421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                  1422                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                  1422                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                  1422                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                   191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                   167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                  118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                  117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                  117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                  116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                  116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                  116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples         2555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   228.947162                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   203.723304                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.660201                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63          248      9.71%      9.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::64-95           12      0.47%     10.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::96-127            7      0.27%     10.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::128-159            8      0.31%     10.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::160-191            7      0.27%     11.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::192-223           15      0.59%     11.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255          234      9.16%     20.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2024     79.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total         2555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples          242                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.710744                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    39.981953                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    39.717558                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            2      0.83%      0.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           31     12.81%     13.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           55     22.73%     36.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           32     13.22%     49.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           22      9.09%     58.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           18      7.44%     66.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           11      4.55%     70.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           20      8.26%     78.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            8      3.31%     82.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            7      2.89%     85.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            2      0.83%     85.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            5      2.07%     88.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            7      2.89%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            4      1.65%     92.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            2      0.83%     93.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            5      2.07%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            2      0.83%     96.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            2      0.83%     97.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            2      0.83%     97.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.41%     98.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      0.41%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.41%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::264-271            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total          242                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples          242                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.694215                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.593560                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.480941                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24            223     92.15%     92.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::32             17      7.02%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::40              2      0.83%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total          242                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                  370034696                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat             578587496                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                 39372800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   30074.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              47024.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                      10.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       5.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                   10.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    5.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.68                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    31.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                  10746                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                  4979                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              83.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                 16677368.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  86.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE  33168348439                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF    3217845600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT     235361229                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0          2054505.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1          2004307.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2          2102284.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3          2136153.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0               1385976                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1               1352112                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2          1418208.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3               1441056                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0         7808486.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1         7499980.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2         7793510.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3         7887859.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        3609722.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        3530096.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        3676492.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        3676078.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      2859127934.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1      2859028836.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      2859942988.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      2862082595.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0       31518386400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1       31518473328                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2       31517671440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3      31515794592.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        44162211214.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        44161726849.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        44162443113.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        44162856523.200005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          77.872863                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          77.872009                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          77.873272                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          77.874001                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       100608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        97536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        92928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        90624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total           394496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::total        11520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks       191744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total        191744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total              1541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks          749                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total              749                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        55923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2747201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2663317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        69903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2537491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.itb.walker         6990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       139807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2474578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        48932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        13981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total            10772102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        55923                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        69903                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       139807                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        48932                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::total         314565                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks       5235759                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total            5235759                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks       5235759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        55923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2747201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2663317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        69903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2537491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.itb.walker         6990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       139807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2474578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        48932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        13981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total           16007862                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                      1541                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                      749                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                   12328                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                   5992                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM               393792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                   704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                192256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys                394496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys             191744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                   22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           46                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3            1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4            1545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5            1464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6            1489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7            1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1             776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2             759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3             729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6             792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                 38117049000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5               12328                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5               5992                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                  1349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                  1373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                  1424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                  1424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                  1425                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                  1428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                  1428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                  1429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                   191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                   165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                  114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                  114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                  113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                  110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                  110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                  109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                  258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                  259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                  258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples         2560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   228.925000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.100795                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.349211                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63          242      9.45%      9.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::64-95           12      0.47%      9.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::96-127           13      0.51%     10.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::128-159            8      0.31%     10.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::160-191           17      0.66%     11.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::192-223           10      0.39%     11.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255          232      9.06%     20.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2026     79.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total         2560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples          245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.261224                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    39.427586                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    40.067836                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            2      0.82%      0.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           26     10.61%     11.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           64     26.12%     37.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           41     16.73%     54.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           21      8.57%     62.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           14      5.71%     68.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           12      4.90%     73.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           18      7.35%     80.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            2      0.82%     81.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            4      1.63%     83.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            3      1.22%     84.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            5      2.04%     86.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            7      2.86%     89.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            5      2.04%     91.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            3      1.22%     92.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            5      2.04%     94.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            1      0.41%     95.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            2      0.82%     95.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            1      0.41%     96.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            1      0.41%     96.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            3      1.22%     97.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            1      0.41%     98.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            2      0.82%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::208-211            2      0.82%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total          245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples          245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.522449                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.439301                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.173920                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::19              2      0.82%      0.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::21              2      0.82%      1.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24            223     91.02%     92.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::32             18      7.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total          245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                  374971132                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat             583557832                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                 39379200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   30470.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              47420.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                      10.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       5.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                   10.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    5.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.60                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    31.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                  10750                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                  5004                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              83.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                 16644999.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  86.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE  33164209841                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF    3217845600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT     239499827                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0          2003702.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1               2004912                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2          2046643.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3          2073859.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0               1351704                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1               1352520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2               1380672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3               1399032                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0         7476518.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1              7587840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2         7518451.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3              7665216                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0        3543367.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        3553735.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        3622993.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        3593134.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      2859184897.920001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      2858563661.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      2860334948.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      2859781783.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0      31518336432.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1       31518881376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2       31517327616                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3       31517812848                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        44161734811.200005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        44161782234.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        44162069513.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        44162164061.760002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          77.872023                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          77.872107                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          77.872613                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          77.872780                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       100608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        93440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       102656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         6912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        88320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total           396032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         6912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::total        10752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks       193280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total        193280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          365                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          401                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total              1547                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks          755                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total              755                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        20971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2747201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2551471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        13981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2803123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       188739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2411665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        69903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total            10814044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        20971                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        13981                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       188739                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        69903                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::total         293594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks       5277701                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total            5277701                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks       5277701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        20971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2747201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2551471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        13981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2803123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       188739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2411665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        69903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total           16091745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                      1547                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                      755                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                   12376                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                   6040                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM               396032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                193280                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys                396032                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys             193280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1            1592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3            1608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7            1480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0             776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1             768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3             751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5             745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6             776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                 38135354000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5               12376                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5               6040                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                  1368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                  1383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                  1427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                  1427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                  1430                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                  1431                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                  1431                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                  1432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                   179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                   164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                  120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                  120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                  117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                  116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                  116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                  115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples         2571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.215091                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.473721                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.102141                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63          243      9.45%      9.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::64-95           11      0.43%      9.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::96-127           11      0.43%     10.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::128-159            9      0.35%     10.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::160-191           10      0.39%     11.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::192-223           13      0.51%     11.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255          238      9.26%     20.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2036     79.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total         2571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples          247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean    49.910931                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    39.764593                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    39.068526                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            2      0.81%      0.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           27     10.93%     11.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           52     21.05%     32.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           45     18.22%     51.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           26     10.53%     61.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           22      8.91%     70.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            8      3.24%     73.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           18      7.29%     80.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            4      1.62%     82.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            7      2.83%     85.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            7      2.83%     88.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            4      1.62%     89.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            4      1.62%     91.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            2      0.81%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.40%     92.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            5      2.02%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            1      0.40%     95.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            1      0.40%     95.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            4      1.62%     97.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            1      0.40%     97.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            1      0.40%     97.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            2      0.81%     98.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::192-195            1      0.40%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::208-211            1      0.40%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::216-219            1      0.40%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total          247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples          247                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.453441                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.380578                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.084802                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      0.81%      0.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24            231     93.52%     94.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::32             13      5.26%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::40              1      0.40%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total          247                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                  379853412                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat             589626612                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                 39603200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   30692.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              47642.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                      10.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       5.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                   10.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    5.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     9.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    31.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                  10813                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                  5032                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              83.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                 16566183.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  86.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE  33163677160                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF    3217845600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT     240032508                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0          2045433.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1          2128291.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2          2147644.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3          2112566.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0               1379856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1               1435752                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2          1448808.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3               1425144                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0         7784025.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1         8155430.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2         7968230.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3         7828454.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        3616358.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        3652853.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        3729576.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        3712573.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      2858426533.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      2859912619.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      2860968824.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3      2860530243.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0       31519001664                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1       31517698080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2       31516771584                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3       31517156304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        44162092059.840004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        44162821215.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        44162872857.599998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        44162603474.879997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          77.872653                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          77.873939                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          77.874030                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          77.873555                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       102400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        98560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        98816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        87040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total           398336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::total        10240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks       193024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total        193024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          400                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total              1556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks          754                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total              754                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        34952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2796133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        20971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2691278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        27961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2698268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       139807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2376713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        55923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        13981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total            10876957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        34952                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        20971                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        27961                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       139807                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        55923                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::total         279613                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks       5270711                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total            5270711                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks       5270711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        34952                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2796133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        20971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2691278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        27961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2698268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       139807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2376713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        55923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        13981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total           16147668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                      1556                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                      754                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                   12448                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                   6032                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM               397824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                   512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                193024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys                398336                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys             193024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                   16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0            1480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1            1608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3            1616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4            1504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6            1504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7            1640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1             729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3             784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4             751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5             768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7             792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                 36622203000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5               12448                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5               6032                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                  1374                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                  1395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                  1450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                  1451                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                  1452                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                  1454                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                  1454                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                  1454                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                   180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                   159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                  104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                  103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                  102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                  100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                  100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                  100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                  258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples         2565                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   230.350097                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.885466                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.280715                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63          243      9.47%      9.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::64-95            4      0.16%      9.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::96-127            7      0.27%      9.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.23%     10.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::160-191            7      0.27%     10.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::192-223            6      0.23%     10.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255          239      9.32%     19.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2053     80.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total         2565                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples          248                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.032258                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    40.559635                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             1      0.40%      0.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            4      1.61%      2.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           20      8.06%     10.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           69     27.82%     37.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           37     14.92%     52.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           26     10.48%     63.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           14      5.65%     68.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            9      3.63%     72.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           14      5.65%     78.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            7      2.82%     81.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            8      3.23%     84.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            4      1.61%     85.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            7      2.82%     88.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            6      2.42%     91.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            4      1.61%     92.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            4      1.61%     94.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            3      1.21%     95.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            2      0.81%     96.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.40%     96.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.40%     97.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            2      0.81%     97.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.40%     98.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      0.40%     98.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.40%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::216-223            1      0.40%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::272-279            1      0.40%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total          248                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples          248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.322581                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.259981                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.850915                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.40%      0.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.40%      0.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.40%      1.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24            233     93.95%     95.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::32             12      4.84%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total          248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  367802300                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             578524700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                 39782400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   29585.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              46535.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                      10.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       5.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                   10.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    5.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.88                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    31.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                  10870                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                  5029                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              83.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                 15853767.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  86.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE  33168768780                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF    3217845600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT     235186758                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          2043014.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1          2067206.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2          2113171.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3          2107123.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0               1378224                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1               1394544                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2               1425552                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3               1421472                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0              7720128                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1         7731609.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2         7796505.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3              7732608                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0        3600184.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        3573227.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        3735797.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        3709255.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      2858285903.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      2859607609.920001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      2860350598.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3      2860757824.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0       31519125024                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1      31517965632.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2       31517313888                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3      31516956672.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        44161990666.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        44162178018.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        44162573701.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        44162523144.000008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          77.872474                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          77.872805                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          77.873502                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          77.873413                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       102656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        96256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        94208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        86016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total           391168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total        11520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks       190720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total        190720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          401                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          376                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          368                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          336                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total              1528                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks          745                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total              745                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        55923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2803123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         6990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2628365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        20971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2572442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       167768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2348752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        62913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total            10681228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        55923                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6990                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        20971                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       167768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        62913                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total         314565                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks       5207798                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total            5207798                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks       5207798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        55923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2803123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         6990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2628365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        20971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2572442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       167768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2348752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        62913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total           15889026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                      1528                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                      745                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                   12224                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                   5960                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM               390656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                   512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                190208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys                391168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys             190720                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                   16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0            1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5            1488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7            1456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0             745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1             776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6             791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                 36619289000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5               12224                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5               5960                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                  1335                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                  1359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                  1409                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                  1409                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                  1410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                  1411                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                  1412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                  1415                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                   191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                   167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                  117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                  117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                  116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                  115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                  114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                  111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples         2528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.784810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.512489                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.467314                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63          233      9.22%      9.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::64-95           10      0.40%      9.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::96-127           11      0.44%     10.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::128-159           11      0.44%     10.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::160-191           12      0.47%     10.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::192-223            9      0.36%     11.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255          227      8.98%     20.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2015     79.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total         2528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples          243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.074074                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    40.062694                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.492817                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            3      1.23%      1.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           18      7.41%      8.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           66     27.16%     35.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           40     16.46%     52.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           21      8.64%     60.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           15      6.17%     67.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            8      3.29%     70.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           23      9.47%     79.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            5      2.06%     81.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            9      3.70%     85.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            5      2.06%     87.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            8      3.29%     90.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            2      0.82%     91.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            1      0.41%     92.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            5      2.06%     94.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            3      1.23%     95.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            2      0.82%     96.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            1      0.41%     96.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            2      0.82%     97.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            2      0.82%     98.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.41%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            2      0.82%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::256-263            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total          243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples          243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.460905                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.394618                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.004518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24            230     94.65%     94.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::32             12      4.94%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::40              1      0.41%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total          243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                  357872804                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat             564798404                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                 39065600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   29314.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              46264.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                      10.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       5.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                   10.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    5.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.51                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    31.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                  10670                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                  4955                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              83.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                 16110553.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  86.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE  33169811185                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF    3217845600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT     233784845                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0          2043619.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1          2064787.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2               2074464                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3          2085350.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0               1378632                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1               1392912                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2               1399440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3               1406784                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0         7664716.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1         7867891.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2         7652236.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3              7640256                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        3616773.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        3583180.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2             3649536                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        3669442.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      2859160656.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      2859401698.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      2860290843.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      2860736921.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0       31518357696                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1       31518146256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2       31517366304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3       31516975008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        44162060282.879997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        44162294914.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        44162271013.439995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        44162351951.039993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          77.872597                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          77.873011                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          77.872969                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          77.873111                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        98304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        98816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        92928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        91648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total           391424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total         8704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks       189184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total        189184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          358                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total              1529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks          739                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total              739                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        55923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2684288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2698268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        20971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2537491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.itb.walker         6990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       139807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2502539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        20971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total            10688218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        55923                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        20971                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       139807                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        20971                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total         237671                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks       5165856                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total            5165856                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks       5165856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        55923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2684288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2698268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        20971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2537491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.itb.walker         6990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       139807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2502539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        20971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total           15854074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                      1529                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                      739                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                   12232                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                   5912                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM               390176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                  1248                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                188928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys                391424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys             189184                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                   39                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            7                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0            1553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2            1480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5            1472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6            1424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7            1608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0             777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7             719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                 38118066000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5               12232                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5               5912                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                  1335                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                  1368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                  1418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                  1418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                  1419                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                  1420                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                  1420                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                  1420                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                   190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                   156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                  106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                  106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                  105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                  104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                  104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                  104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples         2532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   228.714060                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   203.480933                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.788469                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63          245      9.68%      9.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::64-95           12      0.47%     10.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::96-127           13      0.51%     10.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.08%     10.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::160-191           14      0.55%     11.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::192-223           11      0.43%     11.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255          235      9.28%     21.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2000     78.99%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total         2532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples          239                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.916318                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    40.590719                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.747639                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            2      0.84%      0.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           21      8.79%      9.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           56     23.43%     33.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           42     17.57%     50.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           30     12.55%     63.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           15      6.28%     69.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            7      2.93%     72.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           13      5.44%     77.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            7      2.93%     80.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            7      2.93%     83.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            4      1.67%     85.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            4      1.67%     87.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            5      2.09%     89.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            2      0.84%     89.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            5      2.09%     92.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            7      2.93%     94.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            4      1.67%     96.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            2      0.84%     97.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            1      0.42%     97.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            1      0.42%     98.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.42%     98.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::192-195            2      0.84%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::216-219            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total          239                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples          239                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.702929                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.587446                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.576484                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.42%      0.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.42%      0.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.42%      1.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24            214     89.54%     90.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::32             21      8.79%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::40              1      0.42%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total          239                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  364734938                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             571406288                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                 39017600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   29913.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              46863.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                      10.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       5.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                   10.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    5.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.67                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    30.81                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                  10648                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                  4917                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              83.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                 16806907.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  85.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE  33171751303                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF    3217845600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT     231958365                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0               2050272                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1          2005516.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2          2039385.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3          2102889.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0               1383120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1          1352928.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2               1375776                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3               1418616                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0         7692172.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1         7472524.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2              7460544                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3         7715635.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0        3593548.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        3520143.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        3596451.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        3722526.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      2858875401.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      2859167606.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2      2859889527.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      2860448601.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0       31518607920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1       31518351600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2       31517718336                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3       31517227920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0         44162040624                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        44161708508.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2        44161918209.599998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        44162474377.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          77.872562                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          77.871977                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          77.872346                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          77.873327                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        98816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        97536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        99840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        87552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total           395520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::total         9984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks       190976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total        190976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          390                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          342                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total              1545                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks          746                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total              746                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        27961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2698268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        13981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2663317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        27961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        27961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2726230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       125826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2390694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        76894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         6990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total            10800064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        27961                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        13981                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        27961                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       125826                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        76894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::total         272623                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks       5214788                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total            5214788                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks       5214788                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        27961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2698268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        13981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2663317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        27961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        27961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2726230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         6990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       125826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2390694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        76894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         6990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total           16014852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                      1545                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                      746                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                   12360                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                   5968                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM               395264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                190720                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys                395520                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys             190976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           15                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0            1464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1            1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4            1480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6            1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7            1688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3             745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5             751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7             768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                 36621552000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5               12360                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5               5968                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                  1358                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                  1380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                  1423                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                  1424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                  1426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                  1427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                  1429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                  1429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                   186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                   164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                  121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                  120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                  118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                  117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                  115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                  115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples         2545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   230.249116                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   206.018944                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.170562                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63          235      9.23%      9.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::64-95           11      0.43%      9.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::96-127            7      0.28%      9.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.24%     10.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::160-191            7      0.28%     10.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::192-223           12      0.47%     10.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255          233      9.16%     20.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2034     79.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total         2545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples          243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.732510                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    40.179914                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.368893                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            2      0.82%      0.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           31     12.76%     13.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           50     20.58%     34.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           41     16.87%     51.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           21      8.64%     59.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           16      6.58%     66.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           10      4.12%     70.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           17      7.00%     77.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            9      3.70%     81.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            8      3.29%     84.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            5      2.06%     86.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            5      2.06%     88.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            3      1.23%     89.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            4      1.65%     91.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            3      1.23%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            5      2.06%     94.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            3      1.23%     95.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            2      0.82%     96.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            1      0.41%     97.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            3      1.23%     98.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            2      0.82%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::232-235            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total          243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples          243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.526749                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.458767                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.990241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.41%      0.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24            225     92.59%     93.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.41%     93.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::32             16      6.58%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total          243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  378652324                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             588018724                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                 39526400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   30655.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              47605.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                      10.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       5.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                   10.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    5.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     9.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    31.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                  10797                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                  4970                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              83.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                 15984963.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  86.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE  33163899987                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF    3217845600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT     239805413                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0          2054505.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1          2039990.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2          2090793.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3          2154297.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0               1385976                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1               1376184                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2               1410456                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3               1453296                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0         7668211.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1              7685184                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2         7764057.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3         7980710.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        3619676.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        3513922.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        3725844.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        3735797.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      2859562739.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      2859432013.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      2860024412.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      2861791758.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0      31518004992.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1       31518119664                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2       31517600016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3      31516049712.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        44162134289.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        44162005147.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2        44162453768.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        44163003761.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          77.872727                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          77.872500                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          77.873291                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          77.874261                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       101632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        97536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        97024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        91648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total           400384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total        12032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks       190208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total        190208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          397                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          358                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total              1564                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks          743                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total              743                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        69903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2775162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         6990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2663317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        48932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2649336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       153787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2502539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        48932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        13981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total            10932880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        69903                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6990                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        48932                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       153787                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        48932                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total         328546                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks       5193817                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total            5193817                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks       5193817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        69903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2775162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         6990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2663317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        48932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2649336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       153787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2502539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        48932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        13981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total           16126697                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                      1564                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                      743                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                   12512                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                   5944                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM               399648                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                   736                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                190208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys                400384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys             190208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                   23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           14                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0            1632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1            1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4            1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5            1480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7            1545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4             745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6             783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                 36622333000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5               12512                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5               5944                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                  1375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                  1395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                  1454                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                  1455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                  1457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                  1457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                  1458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                  1460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                   186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                   165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                  106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                  106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                  104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                  104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                  103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                  101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples         2565                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.963353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.517721                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.524087                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63          239      9.32%      9.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::64-95           12      0.47%      9.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::96-127            7      0.27%     10.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::128-159            8      0.31%     10.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::160-191            5      0.19%     10.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::192-223           14      0.55%     11.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255          232      9.04%     20.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2048     79.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total         2565                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples          242                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.475207                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    40.865027                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    40.336672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            4      1.65%      1.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           21      8.68%     10.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           47     19.42%     29.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           51     21.07%     50.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           22      9.09%     59.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           16      6.61%     66.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           10      4.13%     70.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           20      8.26%     78.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            7      2.89%     81.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           10      4.13%     85.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            3      1.24%     87.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            6      2.48%     89.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            5      2.07%     91.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            2      0.83%     92.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            2      0.83%     93.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.41%     93.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            3      1.24%     95.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            1      0.41%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            5      2.07%     97.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            1      0.41%     97.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::192-195            3      1.24%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::224-227            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::248-251            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total          242                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples          242                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.561983                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.453078                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.514333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.83%      0.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24            223     92.15%     92.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::32             15      6.20%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::40              2      0.83%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total          242                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                  369671626                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat             581360176                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                 39964800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   29599.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              46549.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                      10.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       5.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                   10.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    5.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.43                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    31.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                  10918                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                  4950                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              83.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                 15874439.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  86.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE  33169233111                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF    3217845600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT     235073427                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0               2122848                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1               2056320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2          2067811.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3          2141596.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0               1432080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1               1387200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2               1394952                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3          1444728.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0         8101017.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1              7827456                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2              7587840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3         7908825.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        3702620.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        3569909.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        3663221.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        3725844.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      2859792946.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      2859135266.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      2860112675.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      2861663823.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0       31517803056                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1       31518379968                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2      31517522592.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3       31516161936                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0        44162792757.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        44162194309.439995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        44162187281.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        44162884943.040001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          77.873889                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          77.872833                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          77.872821                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          77.874051                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        97024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       102400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        98816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        86528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total           395008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::total        10240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks       188416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total        188416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          400                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          338                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total              1543                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks          736                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total              736                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        27961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2649336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        20971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2796133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        41942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2698268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       139807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2362732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        48932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total            10786083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        27961                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        20971                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        41942                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       139807                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        48932                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::total         279613                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks       5144885                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total            5144885                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks       5144885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        27961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2649336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        20971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2796133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        41942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2698268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       139807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2362732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        48932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total           15930968                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                      1543                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                      736                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                   12344                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                   5888                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM               394272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                   736                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                187904                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys                395008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys             188416                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                   23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3            1545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1             784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4             721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6             743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                 38132895000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5               12344                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5               5888                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                  1357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                  1377                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                  1427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                  1428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                  1429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                  1430                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                  1432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                  1433                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                   183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                   162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                  113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                  112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                  111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                  110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                  108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                  107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples         2540                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.203150                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.324418                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.226572                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63          242      9.53%      9.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::64-95           11      0.43%      9.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::96-127           11      0.43%     10.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::128-159            5      0.20%     10.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::160-191           11      0.43%     11.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::192-223           10      0.39%     11.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255          239      9.41%     20.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2011     79.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total         2540                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples          242                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.648760                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    40.053291                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    43.728279                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            2      0.83%      0.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           22      9.09%      9.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           59     24.38%     34.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           44     18.18%     52.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           18      7.44%     59.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           17      7.02%     66.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           16      6.61%     73.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           19      7.85%     81.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            6      2.48%     83.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            1      0.41%     84.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            6      2.48%     86.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            8      3.31%     90.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            4      1.65%     91.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            4      1.65%     93.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            3      1.24%     94.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            3      1.24%     95.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.41%     96.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            3      1.24%     97.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            1      0.41%     97.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.41%     98.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.41%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::232-239            1      0.41%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::280-287            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::384-391            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total          242                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples          242                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.264463                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.209592                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.729743                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.41%      0.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.41%      0.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.41%      1.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24            229     94.63%     95.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::32             10      4.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total          242                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                  380896574                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat             589737524                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                 39427200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   30914.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              47864.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                      10.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       5.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                   10.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    5.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.83                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    30.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                  10763                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                  4890                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              83.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                 16732292.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  85.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE  33170988135                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF    3217845600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT     232721533                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0          2070230.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1          2079907.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2          2101075.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3          2175465.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0               1396584                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1               1403112                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2               1417392                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3               1467576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0              7807488                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1         7943769.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2         7855411.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3         8060582.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        3619676.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        3626311.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2        3693081.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        3762339.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0      2859575708.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      2859196115.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      2859803507.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3        2861344368                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0       31517993616                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1      31518326592.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2      31517793792.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3       31516442160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        44162301491.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        44162413996.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        44162502448.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        44163090680.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          77.873022                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          77.873221                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          77.873377                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          77.874414                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        98816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        96000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        93952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        94464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total           392960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::total         7424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks       189184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total        189184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total              1535                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks          739                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total              739                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        20971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        27961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2698268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2621375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        13981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        27961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2565452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        20971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       104855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2579433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        41942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         6990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total            10730160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        27961                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        27961                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       104855                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        41942                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::total         202720                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks       5165856                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total            5165856                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks       5165856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        20971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        27961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2698268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2621375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        13981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        27961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2565452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        20971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       104855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2579433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        41942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         6990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total           15896016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                      1535                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                      739                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                   12280                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                   5912                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM               392736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                   224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                189440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys                392960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys             189184                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                    7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            6                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2            1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5            1488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6            1489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7            1624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5             743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7             705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                 38112261000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5               12280                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5               5912                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                  1361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                  1389                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                  1436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                  1436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                  1437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                  1440                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                  1440                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                  1441                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                   174                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                   145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                   98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                   98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                   97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                   94                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                   94                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                   93                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples         2534                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.745856                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.281607                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.622317                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63          238      9.39%      9.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::64-95            5      0.20%      9.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::96-127           12      0.47%     10.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::128-159           11      0.43%     10.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::160-191           13      0.51%     11.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::192-223            5      0.20%     11.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255          230      9.08%     20.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2020     79.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total         2534                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.958506                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    40.326881                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    41.045685                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            2      0.83%      0.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           24      9.96%     10.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           60     24.90%     35.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           33     13.69%     49.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           24      9.96%     59.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           18      7.47%     66.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            9      3.73%     70.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           24      9.96%     80.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            6      2.49%     82.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            7      2.90%     85.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            5      2.07%     87.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            5      2.07%     90.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            3      1.24%     91.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            2      0.83%     92.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            2      0.83%     92.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            6      2.49%     95.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            2      0.83%     96.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.41%     96.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            1      0.41%     97.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.41%     97.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            3      1.24%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.41%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::240-247            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::264-271            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total          241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.564315                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.483931                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.149858                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.41%      0.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.41%      0.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24            221     91.70%     92.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::32             18      7.47%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total          241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  367071710                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             575099060                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                 39273600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   29908.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              46858.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                      10.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       5.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                   10.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    5.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.68                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    30.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                  10726                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                  4933                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              83.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                 16760009.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  86.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE  33170263076                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF    3217845600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT     233446592                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0               2098656                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1          2043619.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2          2043014.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3               2113776                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0               1415760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1               1378632                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2               1378224                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3               1425960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0         7963737.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1         7668710.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2         7548403.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3         7860403.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        3622993.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        3596451.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        3609722.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        3686446.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      9769838188.799999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      2859572424.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      2859425994.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      2860505893.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3      2860678753.920001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0       31517996496                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1       31518124944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2       31517177664                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3      31517026032.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        44162508257.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        44162076540.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        44162101110.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        44162629560.000008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          77.873387                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          77.872626                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          77.872669                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          77.873601                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               18386                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18386                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 19                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp                19                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             11934                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1168                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         787183                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            3519                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          112                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6545                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6285                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave       853436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       853556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 853556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      9360129                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      9360369                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 9360369                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      9193000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    302718000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        19000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         9500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    196911000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       586495                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    394266137                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1759500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq        56499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      3295454                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    103702500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq           63                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          110                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          392                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           74                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           42                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           28                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           43                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq       293000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       963995                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        10500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback      1631493                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         2000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       434000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       362000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       307000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       266000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                           565                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                          196                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime             2667493                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime            1602495                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                           785204                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            825286                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  825286    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              825286                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               39000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                  60                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy           210986000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded               40083                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy          408189500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded              28209                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq              18344                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp             18344                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback            11934                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             313                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          3206                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           3519                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6285                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6285                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         2759                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          923                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port          921                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port          874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port          932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         1002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port          986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port          944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port          985                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port          967                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         1003                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port          967                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port          968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port          944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         1002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total        17169                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         2657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port          964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port          968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port          965                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port          942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port          968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port          897                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          943                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port          970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port          997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port          942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port          975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port          957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port          934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port          941                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total        16984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         2718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port          966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         1023                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port          946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port          952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port          912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         1045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          959                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         1001                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port          910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port          951                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port          957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port          955                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port          967                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port          892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total        17070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         2540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         1027                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         1008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port          926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port          949                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port          905                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port          985                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         1013                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          907                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port          967                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port          937                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port          925                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port          967                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port          990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port          963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         1000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total        17009                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total                 68232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       147712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       141056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       140032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       133376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       141568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       151296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       146944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       143104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       149504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       144640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       146944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       147968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       144128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       147968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       145152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       153088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total      2324480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       143360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       147968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       147456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       148224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       146688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       145152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       149248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       136704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       145664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       146176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       154368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       144896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       150016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       145920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       143360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       144640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total      2339841                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       149504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       141056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       148224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       154112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       145152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       143872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       141056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       157440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       147456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       148736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       136960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       145920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       145152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       145920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       148480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       136448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total      2335488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       152576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       153344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       153600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       145152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       144896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       140800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       147968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       153344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       139264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       146688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       142336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       143360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       147200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       151552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       146688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       151552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total      2360320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total                9360129                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     25677600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    180750139                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    112179600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       438200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      4488400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      4923081                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      8797800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     61785320                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq           10                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq         7000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq         3200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                           13                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime              10200                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy           14012600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded               5713                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy            9082800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded               2282                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy            9269400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded               2307                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy            9170000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded               2270                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy            9057600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded               2264                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy            9124800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded               2272                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy            9194600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded               2299                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy            9192600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded               2321                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy            9141800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded               2273                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy            9262000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded               2336                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy           9096600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded              2275                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy           9104000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded              2280                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy           9196400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded              2306                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy           9268000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded              2312                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy           9225400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded              2281                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy           9183000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded              2291                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy          62445169                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded              7148                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy          61126950                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded              6963                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy          61852035                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded              7050                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy          62035886                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded              6988                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq        18344                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp        18344                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback        11934                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          313                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         3206                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         3519                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq         6285                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp         6285                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave        17169                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave        16984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave        17070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave        17009                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total        68232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave      2324480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave      2339841                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave      2335488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave      2360320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      9360129                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     14675200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     73376000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     47736000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       250400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      2564800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      2815200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      5028000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     25140000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           41                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           18                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            7                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       110300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        33300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp         9800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                    66                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime       153400                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy     17210400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded        10021                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy     17799300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded        10021                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy     17523200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded        10020                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy     17722400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded        10021                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy    101332000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded        28149                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1838483                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1837592                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate          891                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq                19                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp               19                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback             9753                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1209                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        787202                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         788411                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq        43515                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp        43515                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           396306                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          396306                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       777017                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         3241                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       776550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         3240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       776402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         3251                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       777388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         3181                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               3143316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       703488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3691068                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         3752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       696320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3582268                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         3744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       708864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3680048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         3764                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       745216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3832124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         3492                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        58112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        27149                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               17739481                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    925012317                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   1693608470                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        19000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         9500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    317294353                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       613480                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    394276136                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1791995                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq     21765482                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq    272344300                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    246419489                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        15292                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          405                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq           11                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          488                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           82                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         6443                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          717                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq         4560                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           17                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    147798465                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      4382460                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       555997                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback      6440476                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      1342500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     70775499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        68500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq     17615499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     33863482                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       235997                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                        27814                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                         426                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime          278391918                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime           4686957                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                         2999905                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3076426                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47               3076426    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            3076426                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1931448068                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded            3076487                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          89342896                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded              2748                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       18491574490                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            50.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded            761708                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           2313476                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded              2303                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          88441879                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded              2720                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy       18492377080                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            50.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded            761609                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy           2312477                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded              2304                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy         90031885                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded             2769                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy      18475236616                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization           50.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded           761101                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.occupancy             7000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                7                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy          2318481                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded             2310                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy         94639904                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded             2911                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy      18489129588                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization           50.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded           761556                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.occupancy             7000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                7                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy          2322469                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded             2308                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy          7377999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              227                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          3816000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              142                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         3661                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         3661    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         3661                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         3661                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         3661    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         3661                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         3661                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         3661    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         3661                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         3661                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         3661    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         3661                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples         3661                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0             3661    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total         3661                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         3661                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0            3661    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total         3661                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                     24767                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8083.225795                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      137019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     24767                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      5.532321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3226.227684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     3.777055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst    55.690661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data  1203.676012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     3.322034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.512163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst    17.261212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data  1207.920441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     3.991436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst    48.272983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data  1163.882374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     2.849099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.010105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst    26.699783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   966.475578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst     1.564748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data     0.254783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst     0.478967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst     1.600723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data     0.580032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     2.868868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   104.553734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data    40.755320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.393827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.006798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.146933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.000063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.002107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.147451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.005893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.142075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.003259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.117978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.000191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.000058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.000195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.000071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.012763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.004975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.986722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          726                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5669                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1243                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.002441                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.989136                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    644667                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   644667                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst         2598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         3902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst         2631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         4099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst         2621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         4200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst         2558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         4793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           40                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   31190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             9753                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  9753                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   48                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          443                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          290                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          279                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          270                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1290                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst          2598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data          4345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst          2631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data          4389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst          2621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data          4479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst          2558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data          5063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data            48                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    32480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          922                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst         2598                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data         4345                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          917                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst         2631                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data         4389                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          926                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst         2621                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data         4479                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          857                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst         2558                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data         5063                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          112                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data           48                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   32480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst          150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         6183                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst           89                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         6076                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst          148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         5845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst          353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         5374                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 24417                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           78                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           97                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           75                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           50                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                306                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          782                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          825                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          824                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          774                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total             3206                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         1524                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         1483                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         1663                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         1620                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                6292                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst          150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data         7707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst           89                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data         7559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst          148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data         7508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst          353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data         6994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  30709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           16                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst          150                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data         7707                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           19                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst           89                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data         7559                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst          148                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data         7508                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           16                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst          353                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data         6994                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          115                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 30709                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1837000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     18410000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    682649066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      2119000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     10743500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    672810067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      1636000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     18763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    637565683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      1552500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       442000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     44828000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    577667671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14981500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1859000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2687987987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       588500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       327000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       456500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       470000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        66000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1908000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       131000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       260500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       260500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       717000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    201456638                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    197208624                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    219743605                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    212693119                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       249500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     831351486                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1837000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     18410000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    884105704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      2119000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     10743500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    870018691                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      1636000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     18763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    857309288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      1552500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       442000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     44828000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    790360790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14981500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2108500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       3519339473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1837000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     18410000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    884105704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      2119000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     10743500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    870018691                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      1636000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     18763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    857309288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      1552500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       442000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     44828000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    790360790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14981500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2108500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      3519339473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         2748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        10085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         2720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        10175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         2769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        10045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         2911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        10167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           54                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               55607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9753                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              9753                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           90                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          104                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           87                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           66                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              354                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          786                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          829                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          827                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          782                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           3225                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         1967                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1773                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         1942                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         1890                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              7582                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         2748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data        12052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         2720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data        11948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         2769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data        11987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         2911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data        12057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data           64                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                63189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         2748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data        12052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         2720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data        11948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         2769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data        11987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         2911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data        12057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data           64                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               63189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.017058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.054585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.613089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.020299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.032721                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.597150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.015940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.053449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.581882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.018328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.428571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.121264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.528573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.506608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.259259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.439099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.866667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.932692                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.862069                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.757576                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.857143                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.864407                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.994911                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.995175                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.996372                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.989770                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.994109                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.774784                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.836435                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.856334                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.857143                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.200000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.829860                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.017058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.054585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.639479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.020299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.032721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.632658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.015940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.053449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.626345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.018328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.428571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.121264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.580078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.250000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.506608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.485986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.017058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.054585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.639479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.020299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.032721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.632658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.015940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.053449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.626345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.018328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.428571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.121264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.580078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.250000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.506608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.485986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 114812.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 122733.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 110407.418082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 111526.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 120713.483146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 110732.400757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 109066.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 126777.027027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 109078.816595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 97031.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker 147333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 126991.501416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 107493.053777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 130273.913043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 132785.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110086.742311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  7544.871795                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  3371.134021                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  6086.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data         9400                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        11000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6235.294118                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    83.120205                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   158.787879                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   316.140777                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   336.563307                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   223.643169                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 132189.395013                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 132979.517195                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 132136.864101                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 131292.048765                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       124750                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132128.335346                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 114812.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 122733.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 114714.636564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 111526.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 120713.483146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 115097.061913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 109066.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 126777.027027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 114186.106553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 97031.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker 147333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 126991.501416                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 113005.546182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 130273.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 131781.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114602.867987                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 114812.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 122733.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 114714.636564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 111526.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 120713.483146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 115097.061913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 109066.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 126777.027027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 114186.106553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 97031.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker 147333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 126991.501416                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 113005.546182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 130273.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 131781.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114602.867987                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                11934                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     11934                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data         1481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data         1410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst           66                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data         1462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data         1450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               6073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data         1481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data         1410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst           66                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data         1462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data         1450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                6073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data         1481                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst           72                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data         1410                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst           66                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data         1462                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data         1450                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               6073                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         4702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         4666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst           82                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         4383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         3924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            18344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           78                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           97                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           75                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           50                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           306                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          782                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          825                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          824                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          774                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3206                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1524                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1483                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         1663                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1620                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           6292                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst           99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         6226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         6149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst           82                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         6046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         5544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             24636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst           99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         6226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         6149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst           82                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         6046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         5544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            24636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1107000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     11905000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    561737541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      1132000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      2127500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    555421511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      1043000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      9790000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    521993645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       948500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       409000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     35904500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    468309132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13716500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1705000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2187362829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4244499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      5263494                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      4079996                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2726997                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       326000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16640986                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     42580000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     44932999                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     44878500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     42087000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    174532499                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    184692638                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    180895624                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    201450605                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    194873119                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       227500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    762139486                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1107000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     11905000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    746430179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      1132000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      2127500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    736317135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      1043000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      9790000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    723444250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       948500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       409000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     35904500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    663182251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13716500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1932500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2949502315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1107000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     11905000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    746430179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      1132000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      2127500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    736317135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      1043000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      9790000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    723444250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       948500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       409000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     35904500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    663182251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13716500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1932500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2949502315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       200500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       235000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       162000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       223000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       860500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       100000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data        80000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data        80000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data        90500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        54500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       405000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       300500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       315000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       242000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       313500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        94500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1265500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.009595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.036026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.466237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.010684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.006250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.458575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.009564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.029614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.436336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.009164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.103744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.385955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.506608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.259259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.329887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.866667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.932692                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.862069                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.757576                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.864407                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.994911                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.995175                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.996372                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.989770                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994109                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.774784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.836435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.856334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.829860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.009595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.036026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.516595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.010684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.006250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.514647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.009564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.029614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.504380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.009164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.103744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.459816                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.506608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.389878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.009595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.036026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.516595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.010684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.006250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.514647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.009564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.029614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.504380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.009164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.103744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.459816                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.506608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.389878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       123000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 120252.525253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 119467.788388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       113200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 125147.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 119035.900343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 115888.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 119390.243902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 119095.059320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 118562.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker 136333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 118889.072848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 119344.834862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 119273.913043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 121785.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119241.322994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54416.653846                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54262.824742                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54399.946667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54539.940000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54333.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54382.307190                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54450.127877                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54464.241212                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54464.199029                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54375.968992                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54439.332190                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 121189.395013                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 121979.517195                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 121136.864101                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 120292.048765                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113750                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121128.335346                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       123000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 120252.525253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 119889.203180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       113200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 125147.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 119745.834282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 115888.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 119390.243902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 119656.673834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 118562.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker 136333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 118889.072848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 119621.618146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 119273.913043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 120781.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119723.263314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       123000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 120252.525253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 119889.203180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       113200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 125147.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 119745.834282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 115888.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 119390.243902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 119656.673834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 118562.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker 136333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 118889.072848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 119621.618146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 119273.913043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 120781.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119723.263314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                        565                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples         6207                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         6207    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total          6207                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2873                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2873    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2873                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples          3661                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     43312319.038514                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    36554438.086616                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         1691     46.19%     46.19% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1462     39.93%     86.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          386     10.54%     96.67% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08           60      1.64%     98.31% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           18      0.49%     98.80% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            9      0.25%     99.04% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           15      0.41%     99.45% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.05%     99.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            3      0.08%     99.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            7      0.19%     99.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            2      0.05%     99.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            1      0.03%     99.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            3      0.08%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total            3661                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        43388994.038175      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                   1588992                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples         3661                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    20019885.277247                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   29243825.897129                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         3031     82.79%     82.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          476     13.00%     95.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08           87      2.38%     98.17% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08           36      0.98%     99.15% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           12      0.33%     99.48% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            7      0.19%     99.67% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            9      0.25%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.03%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total           3661                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       20083225.370014      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                 735488                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples            6207                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       100902.481070                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      99378.729007                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev      21688.682377                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            3      0.05%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            4      0.06%      0.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-98303         5365     86.43%     86.55% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          316      5.09%     91.64% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          106      1.71%     93.35% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-147455           96      1.55%     94.89% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          113      1.82%     96.71% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           91      1.47%     98.18% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           20      0.32%     98.50% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-212991           19      0.31%     98.81% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           49      0.79%     99.60% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-245759           12      0.19%     99.79% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::245760-262143           10      0.16%     99.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            1      0.02%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            1      0.02%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            1      0.02%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total              6207                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples                6207                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           5900010.310939                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          4727275.544507                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows              6207    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value            104000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value          49348000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                  6207                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples              2873                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         13268135.398538                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        32497398.615421                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             1      0.03%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             1      0.03%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             1      0.03%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2870     99.90%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value           57000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1497859000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                2873                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                  9080                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             4033265.969163                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            2605022.684544                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 1      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 1      0.01%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 2      0.02%      0.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 1      0.01%      0.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 2      0.02%      0.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                1      0.01%      0.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows                9072     99.91%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value               57000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value            19882000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                    9080                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples         3661                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.015570                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.123820                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0             3604     98.44%     98.44% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1               57      1.56%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total         3661                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples         3661                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0            3661    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total         3661                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples              3661                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean             1.691887                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            1.425610                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-1                  1685     46.03%     46.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::2-3                  1857     50.72%     96.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4-5                    56      1.53%     98.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::6-7                    29      0.79%     99.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-9                    14      0.38%     99.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::10-11                   4      0.11%     99.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12-13                   9      0.25%     99.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::14-15                   1      0.03%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-17                   2      0.05%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::18-19                   3      0.08%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::20-21                   1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::22-23                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total                3661                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples             3661                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.782027                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           1.142337                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0-1                 3031     82.79%     82.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2-3                  563     15.38%     98.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4-5                   36      0.98%     99.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6-7                   19      0.52%     99.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8-9                    9      0.25%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10-11                  1      0.03%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12-13                  0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14-15                  1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16-17                  0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18-19                  0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::20-21                  0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::22-23                  0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::24-25                  1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::26-27                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::28-29                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::30-31                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::32-33                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::34-35                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::36-37                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::38-39                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total               3661                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples         6083                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         6083    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total          6083                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3058                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    255.916612                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   255.536207                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     4.611279                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      0.03%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         3057     99.97%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3058                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples          3661                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     42431248.292816                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    35354255.682479                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         1728     47.20%     47.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1439     39.31%     86.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          370     10.11%     96.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08           70      1.91%     98.52% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           15      0.41%     98.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           12      0.33%     99.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            9      0.25%     99.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            3      0.08%     99.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            4      0.11%     99.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            4      0.11%     99.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            2      0.05%     99.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            2      0.05%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            3      0.08%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total            3661                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        42522192.803966      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                   1557248                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples         3661                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    21306528.270964                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   30305173.745265                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         2978     81.34%     81.34% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          511     13.96%     95.30% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08           94      2.57%     97.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08           32      0.87%     98.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           21      0.57%     99.32% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            8      0.22%     99.54% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           13      0.36%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.03%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            1      0.03%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total           3661                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       21369473.862246      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                 782593                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples            6083                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       101019.677791                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      99448.403104                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev      21794.407336                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           10      0.16%      0.16% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.16% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            2      0.03%      0.20% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303         5214     85.71%     85.91% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          312      5.13%     91.04% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          123      2.02%     93.06% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          110      1.81%     94.87% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          116      1.91%     96.78% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           97      1.59%     98.37% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           10      0.16%     98.54% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991           17      0.28%     98.82% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           49      0.81%     99.62% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759           12      0.20%     99.82% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            7      0.12%     99.93% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%     99.93% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            3      0.05%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            1      0.02%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total              6083                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples                6083                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           6266418.543482                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          19786254.228237                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows              6083    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value            130000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value        1499117000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                  6083                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples              3058                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         11975808.698496                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        16279869.907822                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             1      0.03%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows            3057     99.97%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value           89000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value       192444000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                3058                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                  9141                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             4006347.554972                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            2556013.059058                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 1      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 1      0.01%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 1      0.01%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 2      0.02%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 1      0.01%      0.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 1      0.01%      0.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows                9134     99.92%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value               51000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value            21941000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                    9141                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples         3661                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.019394                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.137923                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0             3590     98.06%     98.06% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1               71      1.94%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total         3661                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples         3661                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0            3661    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total         3661                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples              3661                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean             1.657197                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            1.378681                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-1                  1721     47.01%     47.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::2-3                  1819     49.69%     96.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4-5                    67      1.83%     98.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::6-7                    24      0.66%     99.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-9                    12      0.33%     99.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::10-11                   7      0.19%     99.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12-13                   5      0.14%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::14-15                   2      0.05%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-17                   1      0.03%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::18-19                   0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::20-21                   3      0.08%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::22-23                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total                3661                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples             3661                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.832286                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           1.183796                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0-1                 2978     81.34%     81.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2-3                  605     16.53%     97.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4-5                   32      0.87%     98.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6-7                   29      0.79%     99.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8-9                   13      0.36%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10-11                  2      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12-13                  0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14-15                  1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16-17                  0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18-19                  0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::20-21                  1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::22-23                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::24-25                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::26-27                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::28-29                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::30-31                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::32-33                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::34-35                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::36-37                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::38-39                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total               3661                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples         6152                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         6152    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total          6152                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2971                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2971    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2971                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples          3661                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     42941709.915324                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    35645679.237914                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         1697     46.35%     46.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1447     39.52%     85.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          395     10.79%     96.67% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08           63      1.72%     98.39% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           18      0.49%     98.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           16      0.44%     99.32% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            9      0.25%     99.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            3      0.08%     99.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            2      0.05%     99.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            4      0.11%     99.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            3      0.08%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            1      0.03%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.03%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total            3661                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        43004525.748808      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                   1574912                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples         3661                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    20698169.898935                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   30615996.201753                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         3020     82.49%     82.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          462     12.62%     95.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08           97      2.65%     97.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08           41      1.12%     98.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           16      0.44%     99.32% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           11      0.30%     99.62% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            6      0.16%     99.78% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.05%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            2      0.05%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            3      0.08%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total           3661                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       20768277.958340      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                 760576                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples            6152                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       100744.099480                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      99257.984427                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev      21462.531184                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            5      0.08%      0.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303         5298     86.12%     86.20% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          340      5.53%     91.73% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          116      1.89%     93.61% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          118      1.92%     95.53% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           94      1.53%     97.06% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           70      1.14%     98.20% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           12      0.20%     98.39% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991           22      0.36%     98.75% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           52      0.85%     99.59% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759           10      0.16%     99.76% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143           12      0.20%     99.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            1      0.02%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            2      0.03%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total              6152                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples                6152                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           5952853.868661                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          4809993.857656                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows              6152    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value            130000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value          54418000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                  6152                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples              2971                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         12324693.032649                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        16933020.030666                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             1      0.03%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2970     99.97%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value           56000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value       199003000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                2971                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                  9123                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             4014208.374438                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            2552021.580476                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 1      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 1      0.01%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 1      0.01%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 1      0.01%      0.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                1      0.01%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows                9118     99.95%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value               56000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value            16761000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                    9123                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples         3661                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.017755                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.132077                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0             3596     98.22%     98.22% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1               65      1.78%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total         3661                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples         3661                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0            3661    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total         3661                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples              3661                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean             1.677411                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            1.392409                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-1                  1701     46.46%     46.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::2-3                  1838     50.20%     96.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4-5                    63      1.72%     98.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::6-7                    33      0.90%     99.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-9                    10      0.27%     99.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::10-11                   5      0.14%     99.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12-13                   4      0.11%     99.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::14-15                   4      0.11%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-17                   0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::18-19                   1      0.03%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::20-21                   0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::22-23                   1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-25                   1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total                3661                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples             3661                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.808522                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           1.195937                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0-1                 3020     82.49%     82.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2-3                  559     15.27%     97.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4-5                   41      1.12%     98.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6-7                   27      0.74%     99.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8-9                    6      0.16%     99.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10-11                  4      0.11%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12-13                  3      0.08%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14-15                  0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16-17                  0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18-19                  0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::20-21                  1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::22-23                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::24-25                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::26-27                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::28-29                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::30-31                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::32-33                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::34-35                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::36-37                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::38-39                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total               3661                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples         6187                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         6187    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total          6187                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3033                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         3033    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3033                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples          3661                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     43172466.539197                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    35670770.605374                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         1698     46.38%     46.38% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1449     39.58%     85.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          388     10.60%     96.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08           71      1.94%     98.50% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           16      0.44%     98.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           11      0.30%     99.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           11      0.30%     99.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.03%     99.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            2      0.05%     99.62% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            3      0.08%     99.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            2      0.05%     99.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            4      0.11%     99.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            3      0.08%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total            3661                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        43249187.387496      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                   1583872                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples         3661                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    21145697.896750                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   30555668.111737                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07         3472     94.84%     94.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08          151      4.12%     98.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08           24      0.66%     99.62% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08           13      0.36%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total           3661                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       21201678.575445      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                 776448                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples            6187                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       101288.330370                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      99647.091593                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev      22644.502025                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            4      0.06%      0.06% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.06% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            1      0.02%      0.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-98303         5319     85.97%     86.05% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          307      4.96%     91.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          120      1.94%     92.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          114      1.84%     94.80% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           99      1.60%     96.40% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          109      1.76%     98.16% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           14      0.23%     98.38% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-212991           19      0.31%     98.69% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           50      0.81%     99.50% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-245759           11      0.18%     99.68% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::245760-262143           13      0.21%     99.89% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%     99.89% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            7      0.11%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total              6187                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples                6187                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           6161201.390011                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          19622578.864792                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows              6187    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value            130000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value        1497864000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                  6187                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples              3033                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         12073731.948566                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        16392724.183632                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             1      0.03%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             1      0.03%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             1      0.03%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             1      0.03%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            1      0.03%      0.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows            3028     99.84%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value           69000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value       188093000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                3033                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                  9220                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             3972013.340564                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            2553688.510978                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 1      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 1      0.01%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 1      0.01%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 1      0.01%      0.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 1      0.01%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                1      0.01%      0.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows                9214     99.93%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value               55000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            17441000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                    9220                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples         3661                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.018847                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.136004                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0             3592     98.12%     98.12% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1               69      1.88%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total         3661                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples         3661                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0            3661    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total         3661                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples              3661                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean             1.686424                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            1.396719                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-1                  1699     46.41%     46.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::2-3                  1838     50.20%     96.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4-5                    71      1.94%     98.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::6-7                    25      0.68%     99.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-9                    11      0.30%     99.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::10-11                   3      0.08%     99.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12-13                   3      0.08%     99.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::14-15                   6      0.16%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-17                   3      0.08%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::18-19                   1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::20-21                   1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::22-23                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total                3661                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples             3661                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.826004                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           1.193581                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0-1                 3004     82.05%     82.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2-3                  574     15.68%     97.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4-5                   45      1.23%     98.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6-7                   24      0.66%     99.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8-9                   10      0.27%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10-11                  3      0.08%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12-13                  0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14-15                  0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16-17                  0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18-19                  0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::20-21                  0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::22-23                  0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::24-25                  0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::26-27                  1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::28-29                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::30-31                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::32-33                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::34-35                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::36-37                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::38-39                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total               3661                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples        25001                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        25001    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total          25001                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        11935                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     255.978634                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.881086                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      2.334151                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        11934     99.99%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         11935                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples           3661                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      171857743.785851                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean     156191045.826854                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     113771920.427929                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08         1318     36.00%     36.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08         2187     59.74%     95.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08           40      1.09%     96.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08           86      2.35%     99.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            8      0.22%     99.40% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            3      0.08%     99.48% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            2      0.05%     99.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            2      0.05%     99.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            3      0.08%     99.67% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            4      0.11%     99.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            2      0.05%     99.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            2      0.05%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            1      0.03%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            1      0.03%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total             3661                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         172164899.978445      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                    6305024                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples          3661                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     83170281.343895                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    90881140.364419                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08         3302     90.19%     90.19% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08          244      6.66%     96.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08           44      1.20%     98.06% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08           53      1.45%     99.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            9      0.25%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            6      0.16%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            1      0.03%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total            3661                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        83422655.766044      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                 3055105                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples            24629                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        109615.920257                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       108130.417755                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       22071.035898                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           22      0.09%      0.09% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.09% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            7      0.03%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            0      0.00%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687        22161     89.98%     90.10% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          541      2.20%     92.29% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          420      1.71%     94.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          507      2.06%     96.06% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          344      1.40%     97.45% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607          217      0.88%     98.34% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991           82      0.33%     98.67% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           27      0.11%     98.78% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759          221      0.90%     99.68% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143           23      0.09%     99.77% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527           40      0.16%     99.93% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            6      0.02%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295           10      0.04%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total              24629                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20500                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples                25001                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            1464819.107236                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           1587861.268247                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                    48      0.19%      0.19% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000                21      0.08%      0.28% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000               24      0.10%      0.37% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000              695      2.78%      3.15% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000              826      3.30%      6.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000              107      0.43%      6.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000               44      0.18%      7.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000              160      0.64%      7.70% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000               40      0.16%      7.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000              844      3.38%     11.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000              406      1.62%     12.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000              743      2.97%     15.83% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000               71      0.28%     16.12% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000              475      1.90%     18.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000              115      0.46%     18.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000               79      0.32%     18.79% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000              129      0.52%     19.31% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000              104      0.42%     19.72% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000               74      0.30%     20.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000              68      0.27%     20.29% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows              19928     79.71%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value            6373500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                  25001                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples              11935                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          3068454.629242                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         4277806.983745                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            395      3.31%      3.31% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             16      0.13%      3.44% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            183      1.53%      4.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             26      0.22%      5.19% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             35      0.29%      5.49% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             46      0.39%      5.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             84      0.70%      6.58% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             49      0.41%      6.99% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             64      0.54%      7.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             28      0.23%      7.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             55      0.46%      8.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             27      0.23%      8.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             51      0.43%      8.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             35      0.29%      9.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             35      0.29%      9.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             17      0.14%      9.60% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            26      0.22%      9.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            10763     90.18%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value        114114000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                11935                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                  36936                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              991498.971193                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             1429424.748724                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                      73      0.20%      0.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  39      0.11%      0.30% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 73      0.20%      0.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000               1199      3.25%      3.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000                938      2.54%      6.29% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000                379      1.03%      7.31% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000                178      0.48%      7.79% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000                272      0.74%      8.53% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000                173      0.47%      9.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000               1163      3.15%     12.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000                581      1.57%     13.72% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000               1080      2.92%     16.65% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000                295      0.80%     17.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000                800      2.17%     19.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000                202      0.55%     20.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000                197      0.53%     20.69% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000                191      0.52%     21.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000                411      1.11%     22.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                129      0.35%     22.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000               303      0.82%     23.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                28260     76.51%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value              6373500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                    36936                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         3661                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.076482                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.293176                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0              3409     93.12%     93.12% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1               224      6.12%     99.24% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2                28      0.76%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total          3661                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         3661                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0             3661    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total         3661                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples               3661                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean              6.814532                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean             6.161353                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev             4.657419                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-7                   2588     70.69%     70.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::8-15                   944     25.79%     96.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-23                   98      2.68%     99.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::24-31                   10      0.27%     99.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-39                    4      0.11%     99.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::40-47                    4      0.11%     99.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::48-55                    7      0.19%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::56-63                    2      0.05%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-71                    1      0.03%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::72-79                    2      0.05%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::80-87                    1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::88-95                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-103                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::104-111                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::112-119                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::120-127                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-135                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::136-143                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::144-151                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::152-159                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                 3661                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples              3661                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             3.248839                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            3.550045                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-7                  3500     95.60%     95.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-15                   90      2.46%     98.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-23                  58      1.58%     99.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-31                  10      0.27%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-39                   2      0.05%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::40-47                   0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::48-55                   0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::56-63                   0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::64-71                   0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::72-79                   0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::80-87                   0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::88-95                   1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::96-103                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::104-111                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total                3661                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     4422935                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                       628                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    2202612                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      549                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 97                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                      24                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 4423563                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                2203161                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                          6625547                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           1177                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                      6626724                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    16148658                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 97                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                16148658                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         16148658                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     16148658                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        73244012                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   14567691                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     15124335                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             12449051                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     402236                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      1405785                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    12449051                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           24824911                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           8661464                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            59547733                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            8166913                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      6626345                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    4423185                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   2203160                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              99830.517997                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              73144181.482003                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.998637                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.001363                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2199866                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  8499494     56.19%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     158      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 4423185     29.24%     85.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                2203160     14.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  15125997                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     459                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2748                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           17547210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2748                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          6385.447598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         32300064                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        32300064                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst     16145910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       16145910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst     16145910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        16145910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst     16145910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       16145910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     56465396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     56465396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     56465396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     56465396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     56465396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     56465396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     16148658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16148658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     16148658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     16148658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     16148658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     16148658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 20547.815138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20547.815138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 20547.815138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20547.815138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 20547.815138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20547.815138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     50903604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50903604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     50903604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50903604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     50903604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50903604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 18523.873362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18523.873362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 18523.873362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18523.873362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 18523.873362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18523.873362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry               218                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            12409                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          212.228088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1044572                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12409                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            84.178580                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   212.228088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.829016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.829016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         13679802                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        13679802                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      3791542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        3791542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      1803008                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1803008                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          190                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          190                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data       176248                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       176248                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          517                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          517                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data      5594550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         5594550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data      5594740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        5594740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       235517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       235517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        99535                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        99535                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          442                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          442                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       218986                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       218986                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       231655                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       231655                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data       335052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        335052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data       335494                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       335494                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3142562504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3142562504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1124132046                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1124132046                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   2815184708                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   2815184708                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3393202961                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total   3393202961                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    289919754                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total    289919754                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   4266694550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4266694550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   4266694550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4266694550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      4027059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4027059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      1902543                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1902543                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       395234                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       395234                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       232172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       232172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data      5929602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5929602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data      5930234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5930234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.058484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.058484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.052317                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.052317                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.699367                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.699367                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.554067                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.554067                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.997773                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.997773                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.056505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.056573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 13343.251247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13343.251247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11293.836801                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11293.836801                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 12855.546510                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12855.546510                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 14647.656908                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14647.656908                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 12734.424955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12734.424955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 12717.647857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12717.647857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2366                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2366                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          437                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          437                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       235517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       235517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        99535                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        99535                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          442                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          442                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       218549                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       218549                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       207650                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       207650                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       335052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       335052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       335494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       335494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   2623600490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2623600490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    924138926                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    924138926                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2988512                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2988512                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   2332221780                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2332221780                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   2999428039                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2999428039                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    268114246                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    268114246                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3547739416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3547739416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3550727928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3550727928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       352500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       352500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       342000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       342000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       694500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       694500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.058484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.052317                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052317                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.699367                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699367                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.552961                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.552961                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.894380                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.894380                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.056505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.056573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11139.749954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11139.749954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9284.562476                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9284.562476                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  6761.339367                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6761.339367                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10671.390764                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10671.390764                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 14444.632983                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14444.632983                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10588.623306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10588.623306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10583.581012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10583.581012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry              6669                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     4425433                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                       631                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    2203174                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      546                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 97                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                      22                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 4426064                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                2203720                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                          6628607                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           1177                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                      6629784                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    16155959                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 97                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                16155959                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         16155959                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     16155959                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                        73244011                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   14574541                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     15131113                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             12453995                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     402156                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1406190                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    12453995                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           24837426                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           8664943                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            59575175                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            8169880                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      6629388                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    4425649                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   2203739                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              91930.494742                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              73152080.505258                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.998745                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.001255                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          2200569                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  8503217     56.19%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     141      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 4425649     29.25%     85.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                2203739     14.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  15132746                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     443                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             2720                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           17532408                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          6445.738235                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         32314638                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        32314638                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst     16153239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       16153239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst     16153239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        16153239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst     16153239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       16153239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2720                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2720                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     48767879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     48767879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     48767879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     48767879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     48767879                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     48767879                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     16155959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16155959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     16155959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     16155959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     16155959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     16155959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17929.367279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17929.367279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17929.367279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17929.367279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17929.367279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17929.367279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     43244121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43244121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     43244121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43244121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     43244121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43244121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15898.573897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15898.573897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15898.573897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15898.573897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15898.573897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15898.573897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry               207                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements            12014                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          212.214496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           13848744                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12014                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1152.717163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   212.214496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.828963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.828963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.890625                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         13686714                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        13686714                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      3794015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        3794015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      1803871                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1803871                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          197                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          197                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data       176289                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       176289                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          641                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          641                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data      5597886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         5597886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data      5598083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        5598083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       235285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       235285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        99316                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        99316                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          427                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          427                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       219209                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       219209                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       231836                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       231836                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data       334601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        334601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data       335028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       335028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   3137155473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3137155473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1121622074                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1121622074                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   2819079313                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   2819079313                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   3396214968                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total   3396214968                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    294850737                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total    294850737                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   4258777547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4258777547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   4258777547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4258777547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      4029300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4029300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      1903187                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1903187                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          624                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          624                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       395498                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       395498                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       232477                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       232477                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data      5932487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5932487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data      5933111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5933111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.058394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.058394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.052184                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.052184                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.684295                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.684295                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.554261                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.554261                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.997243                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.997243                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.056401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.056468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 13333.427431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13333.427431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 11293.468062                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11293.468062                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 12860.235269                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12860.235269                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 14649.213099                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14649.213099                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 12727.928330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12727.928330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 12711.706326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12711.706326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2045                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             2045                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          422                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          422                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       235285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       235285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        99316                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        99316                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          427                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          427                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       218787                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       218787                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       207779                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       207779                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       334601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       334601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       335028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       335028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   2618589515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2618589515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    922087908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    922087908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3009516                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3009516                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   2335253171                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2335253171                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   3002712032                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3002712032                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    272506263                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    272506263                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   3540677423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3540677423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   3543686939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3543686939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       367500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       367500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       309500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       309500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       677000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       677000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.058394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.052184                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052184                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.684295                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.684295                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.553194                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.553194                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.893762                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.893762                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.056401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.056468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 11129.436704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11129.436704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9284.384268                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9284.384268                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  7048.046838                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7048.046838                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10673.637698                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10673.637698                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 14451.470226                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14451.470226                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10581.789723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10581.789723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10577.285896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10577.285896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry              6710                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     4422708                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                       631                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    2202244                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                      552                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 97                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                      23                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                 4423339                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                2202796                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                          6624952                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                           1183                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                      6626135                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                    16145771                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         4                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 97                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                16145775                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                         16145771                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                     16145775                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        73160090                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   14566277                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     15123243                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             12449814                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     402691                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      1405112                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    12449814                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           24823553                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           8661827                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            59543997                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            8164515                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      6626215                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    4422943                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   2203272                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              167859.807870                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              72992230.192130                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.997706                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.002294                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          2199488                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  8498998     56.19%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                     157      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 4422943     29.24%     85.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                2203272     14.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  15125372                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     326                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             2769                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           17484970                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2769                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          6314.543156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         32294311                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        32294311                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst     16143002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       16143002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst     16143002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        16143002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst     16143002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       16143002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst         2769                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2769                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst         2769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          2769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst         2769                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         2769                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     56951885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     56951885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     56951885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     56951885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     56951885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     56951885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     16145771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16145771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     16145771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     16145771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     16145771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     16145771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 20567.672445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20567.672445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 20567.672445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20567.672445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 20567.672445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20567.672445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         2769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         2769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         2769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     51335115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51335115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     51335115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51335115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     51335115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51335115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 18539.225352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18539.225352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 18539.225352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18539.225352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 18539.225352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18539.225352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry               208                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            11954                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          213.885947                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            1054381                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            11954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            88.203196                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   213.885947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.835492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.835492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          207                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.808594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         13678618                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        13678618                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      3792346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        3792346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      1803146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1803146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          253                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          253                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data       175511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       175511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          644                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          644                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data      5595492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         5595492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data      5595745                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        5595745                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data       234972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       234972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data        99394                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        99394                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          411                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          411                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data       219207                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       219207                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data       231414                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       231414                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data       334366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        334366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data       334777                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       334777                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   3094152326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3094152326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   1140354480                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1140354480                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   2821849551                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   2821849551                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   3401171480                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total   3401171480                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    288614766                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total    288614766                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   4234506806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4234506806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   4234506806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4234506806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      4027318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4027318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      1902540                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1902540                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          664                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          664                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data       394718                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       394718                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data       232058                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       232058                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data      5929858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5929858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data      5930522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5930522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.058345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.058345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.052243                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.052243                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.618976                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.618976                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.555351                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.555351                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.997225                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.997225                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.056387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.056450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 13168.174617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13168.174617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 11473.071614                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11473.071614                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 12872.990146                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12872.990146                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 14697.345364                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14697.345364                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 12664.286459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12664.286459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 12648.738731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12648.738731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2388                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             2388                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data          397                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          397                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       234972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       234972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        99394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        99394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          411                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          411                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       218810                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       218810                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       207500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       207500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       334366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       334366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       334777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       334777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   2576519664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2576519664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    940569504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    940569504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3093521                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3093521                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   2338150928                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2338150928                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   3007595520                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3007595520                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    266937234                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    266937234                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   3517089168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3517089168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   3520182689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3520182689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       281000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       281000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       332000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       332000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       613000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       613000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.058345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.052243                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052243                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.618976                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.618976                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.554345                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.554345                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.894173                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.894173                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.056387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.056450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 10965.219958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10965.219958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  9463.041069                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9463.041069                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  7526.815085                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7526.815085                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 10685.759006                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10685.759006                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 14494.436241                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14494.436241                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 10518.680631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10518.680631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 10515.007569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10515.007569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry              6607                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                     4427754                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                       633                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                    2206077                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                      547                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 97                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                      24                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     3                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                 4428387                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                2206624                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                          6633831                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                           1180                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                      6635011                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                    16169077                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         4                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 97                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                16169081                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                         16169077                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                     16169081                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                        73160093                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   14586586                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     15144885                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             12467087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     402926                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1407845                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    12467087                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           24860272                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           8673326                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            59626593                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            8175421                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      6635149                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    4428057                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   2207092                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              171278.013875                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              72988814.986125                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.997659                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.002341                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          2202865                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  8511776     56.19%     56.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     160      0.00%     56.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     56.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     56.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     56.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     56.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     56.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     56.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     56.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     56.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     56.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     56.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     56.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     56.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     56.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     56.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     56.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     56.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     56.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     56.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     56.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     56.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     56.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     56.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     56.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     56.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     56.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     56.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     56.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 4428057     29.23%     85.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                2207092     14.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  15147087                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     432                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             2911                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           17456981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2911                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          5996.901752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         32341065                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        32341065                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst     16166166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       16166166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst     16166166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        16166166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst     16166166                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       16166166                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst         2911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst         2911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          2911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst         2911                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         2911                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     82920404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82920404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     82920404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82920404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     82920404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82920404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     16169077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16169077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     16169077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     16169077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     16169077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     16169077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 28485.195465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28485.195465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 28485.195465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28485.195465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 28485.195465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28485.195465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         2911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         2911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         2911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     77033596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77033596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     77033596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77033596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     77033596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77033596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 26462.932326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26462.932326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 26462.932326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26462.932326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 26462.932326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26462.932326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry               200                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            12115                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          213.082806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            6230088                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           514.245811                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   213.082806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.832355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.832355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.796875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         13695759                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        13695759                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      3795828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        3795828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      1806373                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1806373                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          250                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          250                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data       176719                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       176719                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          613                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          613                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data      5602201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         5602201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data      5602451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        5602451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data       235389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       235389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data        99244                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        99244                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          434                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          434                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data       219123                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       219123                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data       231686                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       231686                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data       334633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        334633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data       335067                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       335067                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   3039481828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3039481828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   1126726004                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1126726004                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   2820331003                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   2820331003                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   3388019480                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total   3388019480                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    292556253                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total    292556253                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   4166207832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4166207832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   4166207832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4166207832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      4031217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4031217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      1905617                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1905617                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          684                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          684                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data       395842                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       395842                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data       232299                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       232299                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data      5936834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5936834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data      5937518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5937518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.058392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.058392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.052080                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.052080                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.634503                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.634503                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.553562                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.553562                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.997361                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.997361                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.056366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.056432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 12912.590767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12912.590767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 11353.089396                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11353.089396                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 12870.994843                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12870.994843                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 14623.324154                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14623.324154                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 12450.080632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12450.080632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 12433.954499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12433.954499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2912                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             2912                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data          428                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          428                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       235389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       235389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        99244                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        99244                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          434                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          434                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       218695                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       218695                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       207779                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       207779                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       334633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       334633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       335067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       335067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   2521022162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2521022162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    927269966                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    927269966                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3840024                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3840024                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   2335567973                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2335567973                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   2994386520                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2994386520                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    270365747                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    270365747                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   3448292128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3448292128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   3452132152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3452132152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       355000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       355000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       231000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       231000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       586000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       586000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.058392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.052080                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052080                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.634503                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.634503                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.552481                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.552481                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.894446                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.894446                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.056366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.056432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 10710.025371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10710.025371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  9343.335275                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9343.335275                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  8847.981567                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8847.981567                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 10679.567311                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10679.567311                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 14411.401152                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14411.401152                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 10304.698365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10304.698365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 10302.811533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10302.811533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry              6521                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 97                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 97                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 182                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data          182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.710938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.710938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.710938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 97                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 97                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          199.048799                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   199.048799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.777534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.777534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.777344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 97                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 97                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 183                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data          183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.714844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.714844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.714844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        2178                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       1953                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 97                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    2180                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   1953                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                             4131                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                         4133                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       10305                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 97                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   10305                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                            10305                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        10305                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                        73244273                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                      10031                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        11955                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                10983                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                        701                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         1192                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       10983                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              19897                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes              7435                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads               43697                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes               4473                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                         4491                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       2256                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      2235                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              73159364.695438                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              84908.304562                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.001159                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.998841                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             1930                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                     7805     63.20%     63.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      48      0.39%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.05%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    2256     18.27%     81.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   2235     18.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     12350                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              227                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs               9755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              227                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs            42.973568                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            20837                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           20837                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        10078                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          10078                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst        10078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           10078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        10078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          10078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          227                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          227                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     17218999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17218999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     17218999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17218999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     17218999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17218999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        10305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        10305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        10305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        10305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        10305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 75854.621145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75854.621145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 75854.621145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75854.621145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 75854.621145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75854.621145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     16764001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16764001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     16764001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16764001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     16764001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16764001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 73850.224670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73850.224670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 73850.224670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73850.224670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 73850.224670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73850.224670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                23                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements               80                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          229.013532                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs              11748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               80                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs           146.850000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   229.013532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.894584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.894584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.843750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             8371                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses            8371                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           1994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1868                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          1868                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           23                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           23                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           48                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           48                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data         3862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            3862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         3885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           3885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           96                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           96                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          127                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          127                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2837500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2837500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       880000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       880000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       184000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       184000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       175500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       175500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3717500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      3717500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3717500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      3717500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         1894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           28                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           28                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           58                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           58                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           57                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           57                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         4012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.045933                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045933                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013728                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013728                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.178571                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.178571                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.103448                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.103448                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.157895                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.157895                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.030622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 29557.291667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29557.291667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 33846.153846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33846.153846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 30666.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30666.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        19500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 30471.311475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30471.311475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 29271.653543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29271.653543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           42                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               42                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           26                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2645500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2645500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       828000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       828000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       178000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       178000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         4000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         4000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       157500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       157500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3473500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3473500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3651500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3651500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        77500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        77500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       141500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       141500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.045933                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045933                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013728                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013728                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.178571                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.178571                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.034483                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034483                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.157895                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.157895                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.030622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 27557.291667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27557.291667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 31846.153846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31846.153846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        35600                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        35600                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        17500                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        17500                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 28471.311475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28471.311475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 28751.968504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28751.968504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                17                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.offload_task 36622006000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -108524102.400000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       133169702.400000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -73210704.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       89836704.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -398605209.600000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       496832294.400000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -193836810.240000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       233427640.320000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -584892135751.679810
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       625269644083.199951
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -171051804244.800018
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       183041932121.279938
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -1887016957680.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       2017126076688.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.036622
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       366052479.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       73690263.529922
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       49830930.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       64.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       8804718.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       17702090.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       8819498.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       58305126.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       99366059.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       34668995.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       64.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       1610710.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       0.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       49830930.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       64.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       64629778.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       8.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       64629770.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       11375.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       16116984.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       7615781.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       26521787.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       4719.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       941259.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       397515.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       3196908
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       24629.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       11934.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       40750.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       171933.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       79551.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       18344.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       1.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
