sim_seconds                                  0.202393                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                202392630000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4465328555500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                4656521                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  4905613                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              846669647                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3158920                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   239.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1113120531                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1172665116                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data            5                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total            5                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data            5                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total            5                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        61952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        45824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        49152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        34560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        99328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        97024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total           400640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::total        12288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks       192256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total        192256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          242                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total              1565                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks          751                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total              751                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         6324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       306098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       226411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         3795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       242855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        21503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       170757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        11384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       490769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       479385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        17708                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total             1979519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         6324                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         3795                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        21503                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        11384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        17708                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::total          60714                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks        949916                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total             949916                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks        949916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         6324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       306098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       226411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         3795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       242855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        21503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       170757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        11384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       490769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       479385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        17708                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total            2929435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                      1565                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                      751                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                   12520                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                   6008                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM               400640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                192256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys                400640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys             192256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            9                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3            1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4            1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1             769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2             727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3             784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                202521566000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5               12520                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5               6008                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                  1521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                  1523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                  1524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                  1536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                  1538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                  1541                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                  1543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                    44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                    42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                   41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                   29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                   27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                   25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                   24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                   22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples         2576                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   230.161491                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.995555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.182580                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63          237      9.20%      9.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::64-95           10      0.39%      9.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::96-127            6      0.23%      9.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::128-159           15      0.58%     10.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::160-191            6      0.23%     10.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::192-223           12      0.47%     11.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255          229      8.89%     19.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2061     80.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total         2576                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples          251                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean    48.924303                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    41.660416                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             1      0.40%      0.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            5      1.99%      2.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           21      8.37%     10.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           70     27.89%     38.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           44     17.53%     56.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           26     10.36%     66.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           13      5.18%     71.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           14      5.58%     77.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            9      3.59%     80.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            3      1.20%     82.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            6      2.39%     84.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            6      2.39%     86.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            4      1.59%     88.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            3      1.20%     89.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            7      2.79%     92.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            2      0.80%     93.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            5      1.99%     95.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            2      0.80%     96.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.40%     96.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            2      0.80%     97.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            2      0.80%     98.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      0.40%     98.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.40%     98.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::224-231            1      0.40%     99.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::232-239            1      0.40%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::256-263            1      0.40%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total          251                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples          251                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.936255                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.816254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.490767                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::16              5      1.99%      1.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::19              8      3.19%      5.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::21              8      3.19%      8.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24            221     88.05%     96.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::32              7      2.79%     99.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::40              2      0.80%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total          251                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                  381810268                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat             594024268                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                 40064000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   30496.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              47446.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                       1.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       0.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                    1.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    0.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.29                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    30.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                  10943                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                  5009                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              83.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                 87444544.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  86.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE 184363108009                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF   17783766000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT     246046721                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0               2600640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1               2658096                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2          2692569.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3          2705270.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0               1754400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1               1793160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2               1816416                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3               1824984                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0              9804288                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1             10056384                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2         10184179.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3         10000972.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        4612101.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        4581826.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2        4654817.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        4601733.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      7449021889.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      7450080174.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      7450151967.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      7452164021.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0       82479030240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1       82478101920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2       82478038944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3       82476273984                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        115504783954.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        115505231956.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        115505499288.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        115505531361.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          77.856794                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          77.857096                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          77.857276                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          77.857298                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        59904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        43776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        54528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        34048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data       100864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        93184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total           394752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::total         7680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks       193536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total        193536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          234                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total              1542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks          756                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total              756                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         6324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       295979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       216292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         5059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       269417                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        15178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       168227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         2530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       498358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       460412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         8854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total             1950427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         6324                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         5059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        15178                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         2530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         8854                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::total          37946                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks        956240                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total             956240                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks        956240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         6324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       295979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       216292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         5059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       269417                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        15178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       168227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         2530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       498358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       460412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         8854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total            2906667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                      1542                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                      756                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                   12336                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                   6048                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM               394752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                193024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys                394752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys             193536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6            1488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0             696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1             768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3             792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5             727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6             784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7             753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                202523579000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5               12336                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5               6048                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                  1500                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                  1503                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                  1507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                  1516                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                  1517                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                  1518                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                  1520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                  1523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                    41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                    38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                   34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                   25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                   24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                   23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                   21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                  260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                  259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                  259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                  258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples         2572                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   228.528771                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   203.490553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.691250                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63          245      9.53%      9.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::64-95           15      0.58%     10.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::96-127           12      0.47%     10.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::128-159            9      0.35%     10.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::160-191           12      0.47%     11.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::192-223           16      0.62%     12.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255          239      9.29%     21.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2024     78.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total         2572                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples          252                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean    48.095238                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    41.372360                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             4      1.59%      1.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            6      2.38%      3.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           25      9.92%     13.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           69     27.38%     41.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           41     16.27%     57.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           16      6.35%     63.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           16      6.35%     70.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           14      5.56%     75.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            7      2.78%     78.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           10      3.97%     82.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            8      3.17%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            6      2.38%     88.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            6      2.38%     90.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            5      1.98%     92.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            2      0.79%     93.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            3      1.19%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            2      0.79%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            4      1.59%     96.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            2      0.79%     97.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            1      0.40%     98.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            2      0.79%     98.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::240-243            1      0.40%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::248-251            2      0.79%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total          252                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples          252                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.936508                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.856459                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.950569                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::16              4      1.59%      1.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::19              5      1.98%      3.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      0.79%      4.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::21              5      1.98%      6.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24            227     90.08%     96.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.40%     96.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::31              1      0.40%     97.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::32              7      2.78%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total          252                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  377340184                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             586435384                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                 39475200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   30588.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              47538.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                       1.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       0.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                    1.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    0.96                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.22                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    31.25                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                  10777                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                  5019                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              82.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                 88130365.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  85.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE 184362986465                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF   17783766000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT     246168265                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0               2612736                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1          2590963.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2          2701036.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3          2653257.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0               1762560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1               1747872                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2          1822128.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3               1789896                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0         10039910.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1              9776832                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2         10100812.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3         9800294.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        4615004.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        4545331.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        4731125.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        4598830.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      7448721914.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      7448946814.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      7450654351.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      7452193296.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0       82479293376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1       82479096096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2       82477598256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3       82476248304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        115505005896.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        115504664304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        115505568106.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        115505244274.560013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          77.856944                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          77.856713                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          77.857322                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          77.857104                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        62208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        41984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        53504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        31232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        99584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        96768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total           397312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::total         9472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks       192000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total        192000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          243                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          378                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total              1552                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks          750                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total              750                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         5059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       307363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       207438                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         5059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       264357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        21503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       154314                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         2530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       492034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       478120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        12649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total             1963075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         5059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         5059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        21503                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         2530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        12649                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::total          46800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks        948651                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total             948651                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks        948651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         5059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       307363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       207438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         5059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       264357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        21503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       154314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         2530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       492034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       478120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        12649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total            2911727                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                      1552                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                      750                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                   12416                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                   6000                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM               397312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                191744                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys                397312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys             192000                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6            1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7            1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0             735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6             776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7             745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                202524403000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5               12416                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5               6000                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                  1512                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                  1514                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                  1517                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                  1522                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                  1526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                  1532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                  1534                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                  1536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                    40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                    38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                   35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                   30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                   26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                   20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples         2571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.115519                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.251316                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.507449                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63          227      8.83%      8.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::64-95           16      0.62%      9.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::96-127           17      0.66%     10.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::128-159           23      0.89%     11.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::160-191           16      0.62%     11.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::192-223           15      0.58%     12.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255          220      8.56%     20.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2037     79.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total         2571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples          252                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean    48.317460                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    37.189367                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    42.216224                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            5      1.98%      1.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           30     11.90%     13.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           69     27.38%     41.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           44     17.46%     58.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           15      5.95%     64.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           12      4.76%     69.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           14      5.56%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           17      6.75%     81.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            8      3.17%     84.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            8      3.17%     88.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.40%     88.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            5      1.98%     90.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            2      0.79%     91.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            4      1.59%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.40%     93.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            3      1.19%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            3      1.19%     95.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            1      0.40%     96.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            1      0.40%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            1      0.40%     96.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            1      0.40%     97.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.40%     97.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::192-195            1      0.40%     98.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::200-203            1      0.40%     98.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::216-219            2      0.79%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::232-235            1      0.40%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::248-251            1      0.40%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total          252                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples          252                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.777778                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.669616                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.252538                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::16              4      1.59%      1.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.40%      1.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::18              2      0.79%      2.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::19             10      3.97%      6.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::20              1      0.40%      7.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::21              7      2.78%      9.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.40%     10.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24            217     86.11%     96.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::32              9      3.57%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total          252                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  383075678                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             593526878                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                 39731200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   30853.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              47803.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                       1.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       0.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                    1.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    0.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.19                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    31.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                  10846                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                  4991                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              83.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                 87977586.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  86.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE 184359816726                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF   17783766000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT     249338004                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0               2636928                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1          2612131.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2          2723414.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3          2651443.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0               1778880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1               1762152                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2               1837224                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3               1788672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0         10070361.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1         9900134.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2         10180185.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3              9896640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0        4595097.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        4525424.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        4774256.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        4602147.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      7448851984.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      7449586709.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      7451210689.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      7450800782.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0       82479179280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1       82478534784                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2       82477110240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3      82477469808.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        115505072927.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        115504881731.519989                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        115505796406.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        115505169888.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          77.856989                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          77.856860                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          77.857476                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          77.857054                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        63232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        46592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        53760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        34560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data       100608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        95488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total           404224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total         7936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks       189696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total        189696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          247                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          373                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total              1579                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks          741                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total              741                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       312422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         2530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       230206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         5059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       265622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        16443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       170757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         3795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       497093                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       471796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        10119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         8854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total             1997227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1265                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         2530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         5059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        16443                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         3795                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        10119                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total          39211                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks        937267                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total             937267                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks        937267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       312422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         2530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       230206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         5059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       265622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        16443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       170757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         3795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       497093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       471796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        10119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         8854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total            2934494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                      1579                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                      741                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                   12632                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                   5928                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM               404224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                189696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys                404224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys             189696                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs       554030                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0            1608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6            1632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2             775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3             737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                202521675000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5               12632                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5               5928                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                  1536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                  1541                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                  1544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                  1545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                  1545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                  1548                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                  1562                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                  1562                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                    43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                    38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                   35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                   34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                   34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                   31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples         2579                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   230.290810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   206.007360                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.194584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63          239      9.27%      9.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::64-95           11      0.43%      9.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::96-127            8      0.31%     10.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.08%     10.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::160-191            8      0.31%     10.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::192-223           12      0.47%     10.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255          237      9.19%     20.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2062     79.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total         2579                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples          246                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.121951                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.064303                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             1      0.41%      0.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            2      0.81%      1.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           25     10.16%     11.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           64     26.02%     37.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           29     11.79%     49.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           24      9.76%     58.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           15      6.10%     65.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           12      4.88%     69.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            9      3.66%     73.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           11      4.47%     78.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           14      5.69%     83.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           12      4.88%     88.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.41%     89.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            3      1.22%     90.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            3      1.22%     91.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            5      2.03%     93.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            4      1.63%     95.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            2      0.81%     95.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            3      1.22%     97.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            1      0.41%     97.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            3      1.22%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.41%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::192-195            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::208-211            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total          246                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples          246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.097561                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.026695                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.926887                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::16              3      1.22%      1.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.41%      1.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.41%      2.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.41%      2.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.41%      2.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::23              3      1.22%      4.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24            226     91.87%     95.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::25              3      1.22%     97.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::32              6      2.44%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::40              1      0.41%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total          246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                  385332088                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat             599444488                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                 40422400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   30504.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              47454.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                       2.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       0.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                    2.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    0.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    31.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                  11034                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                  4947                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              83.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                 87293825.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  86.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE 184367148907                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF   17783766000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT     242005823                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0          2820787.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1               2760912                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2          2777241.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3          2913926.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0               1902912                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1               1862520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2               1873536                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3               1965744                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0         10800691.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1             10400832                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2         10423795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3         10888051.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0        4936826.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        4744811.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        4850565.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        4960051.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      7450289697.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      7450881056.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2      7451168172.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      7454240372.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0      82477918128.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1       82477399392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2       82477147536                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3       82474452624                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        115506629438.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        115506009919.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        115506201241.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        115507381164.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          77.858038                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          77.857620                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          77.857749                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          77.858545                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        58368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        50432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        51968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        34304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        98304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        94208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total           399616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::total        11008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks       188160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total        188160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          368                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total              1561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks          735                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total              735                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         6324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       288390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       249179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         3795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       256768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        21503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       169492                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         7589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       485709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       465471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        15178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         5059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total             1974459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         6324                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         3795                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        21503                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         7589                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        15178                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::total          54389                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks        929678                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total             929678                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks        929678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         6324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       288390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       249179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         3795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       256768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        21503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       169492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         7589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       485709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       465471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        15178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         5059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total            2904137                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                      1561                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                      735                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                   12488                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                   5880                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM               399360                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                188160                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys                399616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys             188160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          112                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4            1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1             768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2             719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3             705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                202392760000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5               12488                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5               5880                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                  1521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                  1522                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                  1522                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                  1537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                  1538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                  1539                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                  1541                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                  1542                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                    38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                   38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                   23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                   22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                   21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                   19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                  233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples         2561                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.410387                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.646030                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.015791                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63          245      9.57%      9.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::64-95            4      0.16%      9.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::96-127           10      0.39%     10.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::128-159           17      0.66%     10.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::160-191            7      0.27%     11.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::192-223            6      0.23%     11.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255          238      9.29%     20.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2034     79.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total         2561                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples          247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.267206                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    39.435222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    39.870235                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            3      1.21%      1.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           23      9.31%     10.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           70     28.34%     38.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           36     14.57%     53.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           24      9.72%     63.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           14      5.67%     68.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           12      4.86%     73.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            9      3.64%     77.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            6      2.43%     79.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           10      4.05%     83.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            5      2.02%     85.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            4      1.62%     87.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            6      2.43%     89.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            4      1.62%     91.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            5      2.02%     93.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            3      1.21%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            1      0.40%     95.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            2      0.81%     95.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            1      0.40%     96.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            3      1.21%     97.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            1      0.40%     97.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            3      1.21%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::200-203            1      0.40%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::224-227            1      0.40%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total          247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples          247                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.805668                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.688172                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.384462                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::16              6      2.43%      2.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.40%      2.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::19              7      2.83%      5.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      0.81%      6.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::21              7      2.83%      9.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.40%      9.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24            215     87.04%     96.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::32              7      2.83%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::40              1      0.40%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total          247                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                  371139640                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat             582675640                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                 39936000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   29738.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              46688.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                       1.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       0.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                    1.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    0.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    31.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                  10904                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                  4895                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              83.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                 88150156.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  86.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE 184369956096                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF   17783766000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT     239037904                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0               2606688                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1          2625436.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2          2739139.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3          2702851.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0               1758480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1          1771128.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2               1847832                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3               1823352                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0         9720921.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1         9956044.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2         10224115.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3         10052889.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        4631592.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        4565652.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2        4697948.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        4624957.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      7449450183.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      7449296967.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      7452172558.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      7451994882.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0       82478654544                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1       82478788944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2       82476266496                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3       82476422352                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        115504782805.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        115504964568.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        115505908484.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        115505581680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          77.856793                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          77.856916                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          77.857552                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          77.857332                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        61440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        46592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        53504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        33536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        97536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        93952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total           398336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total        11264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks       192768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total        192768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total              1556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks          753                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total              753                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         5059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       303568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       230206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         3795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       264357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        21503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       165698                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         6324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       481915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       464207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        18973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total             1968135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         5059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         3795                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        21503                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         6324                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        18973                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total          55654                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks        952446                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total             952446                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks        952446                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         5059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       303568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       230206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         3795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       264357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        21503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       165698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         6324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       481915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       464207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        18973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total            2920581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                      1556                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                      753                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                   12448                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                   6024                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM               398336                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                192768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys                398336                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys             192768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0            1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0             768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1             792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2             769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7             767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                202392786000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5               12448                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5               6024                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                  1518                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                  1524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                  1525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                  1538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                  1538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                  1542                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                  1543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                  1543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                    38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                   31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples         2575                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.554951                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.860250                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.915427                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63          243      9.44%      9.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::64-95           12      0.47%      9.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::96-127            9      0.35%     10.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.16%     10.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::160-191           12      0.47%     10.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::192-223           10      0.39%     11.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255          238      9.24%     20.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2047     79.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total         2575                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples          254                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean    48.944882                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    39.437810                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             3      1.18%      1.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            2      0.79%      1.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           22      8.66%     10.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           75     29.53%     40.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           35     13.78%     53.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           25      9.84%     63.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           16      6.30%     70.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           13      5.12%     75.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           14      5.51%     80.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            3      1.18%     81.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            5      1.97%     83.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            7      2.76%     86.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            6      2.36%     88.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            4      1.57%     90.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            3      1.18%     91.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            5      1.97%     93.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            3      1.18%     94.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            2      0.79%     95.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            3      1.18%     96.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            3      1.18%     98.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            1      0.39%     98.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            2      0.79%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::216-219            1      0.39%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::224-227            1      0.39%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total          254                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples          254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.716535                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.635480                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.870924                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::16              6      2.36%      2.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.39%      2.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::18              2      0.79%      3.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::19              4      1.57%      5.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::21              4      1.57%      6.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::22              2      0.79%      7.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.39%      7.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24            230     90.55%     98.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::32              4      1.57%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total          254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                  379361496                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat             590355096                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                 39833600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   30475.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              47425.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                       1.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       0.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                    1.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    0.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.22                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    31.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                  10881                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                  5016                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              83.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                 87653870.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  86.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE 184363959202                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF   17783766000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT     245178500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0          2637532.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1               2667168                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2          2710713.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3          2707689.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0          1779288.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1               1799280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2               1828656                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3               1826616                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0         10000972.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1         9957542.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2         10340428.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3         9957043.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0             4644864                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        4585559.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2             4644864                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        4681359.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      7449393548.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      7451797014.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      7450122418.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      7451413318.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0       82478704224                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1       82476595920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2       82478064864                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3       82476932496                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        115505120825.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        115505362879.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        115505672340.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        115505478917.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          77.857021                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          77.857184                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          77.857393                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          77.857262                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        57088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        45312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        52992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        33024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data       103168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        92928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total           393984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::total         9216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks       188672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total        188672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          223                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          177                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          207                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          403                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total              1539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks          737                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total              737                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         3795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       282066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       223882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       261828                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        26562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       163168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         3795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       509742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       459147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        10119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total             1946632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3795                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         1265                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        26562                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         3795                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        10119                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::total          45535                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks        932208                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total             932208                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks        932208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         3795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       282066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       223882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       261828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        26562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       163168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         3795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       509742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       459147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        10119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total            2878840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                      1539                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                      737                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                   12312                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                   5896                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM               393984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                188160                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys                393984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys             188672                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           13                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3            1504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2             729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3             768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5             719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                202526064000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5               12312                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5               5896                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                  1513                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                  1515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                  1517                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                  1526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                  1528                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                  1529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                  1529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                  1529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                   22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples         2532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.914692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.768825                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.284010                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63          233      9.20%      9.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::64-95            6      0.24%      9.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::96-127           12      0.47%      9.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::128-159           16      0.63%     10.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::160-191           11      0.43%     10.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::192-223            7      0.28%     11.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255          226      8.93%     20.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2021     79.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total         2532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples          243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean    49.843621                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    41.419745                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             1      0.41%      0.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            3      1.23%      1.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           20      8.23%      9.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           72     29.63%     39.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           46     18.93%     58.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           16      6.58%     65.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           12      4.94%     69.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            8      3.29%     73.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           11      4.53%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            7      2.88%     80.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            6      2.47%     83.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            8      3.29%     86.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            6      2.47%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            3      1.23%     90.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            5      2.06%     92.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            2      0.82%     93.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            1      0.41%     93.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            4      1.65%     95.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.41%     95.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            2      0.82%     96.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.41%     96.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            4      1.65%     98.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.41%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      0.41%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::256-263            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total          243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples          243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.197531                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.050587                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.809752                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::16              3      1.23%      1.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::18              2      0.82%      2.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::19              7      2.88%      4.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::21              7      2.88%      7.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::22              2      0.82%      8.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.41%      9.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24            204     83.95%     93.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.41%     93.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::32             14      5.76%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::40              2      0.82%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total          243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                  371688816                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat             580377216                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                 39398400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   30189.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              47139.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                       1.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       0.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                    1.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    0.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.15                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    30.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                  10756                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                  4904                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              83.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                 88983332.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  86.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE 184376411657                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF   17783766000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT     232743073                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0          2628460.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1               2588544                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2          2677449.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3          2756678.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0          1773168.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1               1746240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2               1806216                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3               1859664                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0         10016947.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1              9764352                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2         10068364.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3         10204147.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        4565237.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        4512568.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        4648181.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        4658135.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      7449294012.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1      7449358965.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      7450029668.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      7452881948.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0       82478791536                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1       82478734560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2       82478146224                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3       82475644224                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        115505029757.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        115504665624.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        115505336499.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        115505965192.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          77.856960                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          77.856714                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          77.857166                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          77.857590                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        61440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        44800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        53504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        32768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        99328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        92160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total           396544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::total        10752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks       192512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total        192512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total              1549                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks          752                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total              752                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         8854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       303568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       221352                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       264357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        26562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       161903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       490769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       455353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        12649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total             1959281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         8854                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         1265                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        26562                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         1265                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        12649                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::total          53124                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks        951181                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total             951181                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks        951181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         8854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       303568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       221352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       264357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        26562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       161903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       490769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       455353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        12649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total            2910462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                      1549                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                      752                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                   12392                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                   6016                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM               396544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                192768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys                396544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys             192512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs       875259                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7            1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1             768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2             783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5             768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7             721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                202545726000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5               12392                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5               6016                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                  1505                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                  1507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                  1510                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                  1523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                  1525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                  1527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                  1530                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                  1531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                    44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                    42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                   39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                   26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                   24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                   22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                   19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                  258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                  258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples         2570                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.304280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.533639                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.099376                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63          243      9.46%      9.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::64-95           12      0.47%      9.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::96-127           12      0.47%     10.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::128-159            3      0.12%     10.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::160-191           13      0.51%     11.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::192-223           10      0.39%     11.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255          240      9.34%     20.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2037     79.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total         2570                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples          249                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean    49.317269                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    40.245213                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             2      0.80%      0.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            5      2.01%      2.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           25     10.04%     12.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           56     22.49%     35.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           47     18.88%     54.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           19      7.63%     61.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           20      8.03%     69.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           13      5.22%     75.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           12      4.82%     79.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            5      2.01%     81.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            8      3.21%     85.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            7      2.81%     87.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            4      1.61%     89.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            5      2.01%     91.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            2      0.80%     92.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            2      0.80%     93.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            2      0.80%     93.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.40%     94.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            3      1.20%     95.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            4      1.61%     97.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.40%     97.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.40%     97.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            3      1.20%     99.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::216-223            1      0.40%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::264-271            1      0.40%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total          249                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples          249                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.192771                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.061616                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.740634                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::16              3      1.20%      1.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::17              2      0.80%      2.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.40%      2.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::19              2      0.80%      3.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      0.80%      4.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::21              2      0.80%      4.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::23              2      0.80%      5.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24            223     89.56%     95.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::30              1      0.40%     95.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::32              9      3.61%     99.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::40              1      0.40%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::48              1      0.40%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total          249                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                  379310904                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat             589355304                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                 39654400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   30609.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              47559.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                       1.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       0.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                    1.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    0.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.24                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    31.25                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                  10829                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                  5017                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              83.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                 88025087.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  86.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE 184357283007                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF   17783766000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT     251871723                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0          2580076.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1          2601244.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2          2644790.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3          2643580.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0          1740528.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1          1754808.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2               1784184                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3          1783368.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0              9657024                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1         9821260.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2         9845721.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3         9968025.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0        4535377.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        4542013.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        4601733.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        4585559.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      7449172534.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      7448714472.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      7450340860.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      7449593932.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0       82478898096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1       82479299904                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2      82477873248.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3      82478528448.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        115504544032.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        115504694099.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        115505050933.440018                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        115505063309.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          77.856632                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          77.856733                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          77.856974                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          77.856982                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        57856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        49408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        51712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        33792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        99072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        97280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total           401152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::total        11264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks       190464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total        190464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          387                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total              1567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks          744                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total              744                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         2530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       285860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       244120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         2530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       255503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        29092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       166963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         2530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       489504                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       480650                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        18973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total             1982048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         2530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        29092                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         2530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        18973                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::total          55654                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks        941062                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total             941062                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks        941062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         2530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       285860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       244120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         2530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       255503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        29092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       166963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         2530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       489504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       480650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        18973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total            2923110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                      1567                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                      744                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                   12536                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                   5952                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM               401152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                189952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys                401152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys             190464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3            1600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0             792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2             735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3             737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5             696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7             768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                202545552000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5               12536                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5               5952                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                  1530                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                  1531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                  1531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                  1543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                  1545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                  1547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                  1549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                  1552                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                   36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                   24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                   22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                   20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples         2571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.912096                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.551581                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.477322                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63          237      9.22%      9.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::64-95           16      0.62%      9.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::96-127            7      0.27%     10.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.16%     10.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::160-191            9      0.35%     10.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::192-223           14      0.54%     11.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255          235      9.14%     20.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2049     79.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total         2571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples          249                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.152610                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    42.952252                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             3      1.20%      1.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            4      1.61%      2.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           21      8.43%     11.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           69     27.71%     38.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           43     17.27%     56.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           18      7.23%     63.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           16      6.43%     69.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           13      5.22%     75.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           10      4.02%     79.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            8      3.21%     82.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            9      3.61%     85.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            3      1.20%     87.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            2      0.80%     87.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            7      2.81%     90.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            2      0.80%     91.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            2      0.80%     92.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            2      0.80%     93.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            2      0.80%     93.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            3      1.20%     95.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            7      2.81%     97.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.40%     98.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      0.40%     98.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.40%     99.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.40%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::280-287            1      0.40%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total          249                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples          249                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.839357                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.731318                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.206638                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::16              8      3.21%      3.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.40%      3.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.40%      4.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::19              2      0.80%      4.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      0.80%      5.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::21              2      0.80%      6.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.40%      6.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.40%      7.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24            223     89.56%     96.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::32              8      3.21%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total          249                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                  377286368                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat             589771568                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                 40115200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   30096.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              47046.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                       1.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       0.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                    1.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    0.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.21                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    31.18                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                  10960                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                  4941                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              83.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                 87644115.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  86.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE 184358827654                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF   17783766000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT     250327076                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0          2630275.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1          2719180.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2          2754259.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3          2758492.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0               1774392                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1          1834368.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2               1858032                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3          1860888.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0         10091827.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1         10471718.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2             10308480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3             10288512                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        4624957.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        4638643.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        4741079.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        4744396.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      7448368970.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      7448943859.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      7451301032.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3      7451803635.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0       82479602976                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1      82479098688.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2       82477030992                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3       82476590112                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        115505053794.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        115505666853.120010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        115505954270.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        115506006432.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          77.856976                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          77.857389                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          77.857583                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          77.857618                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        62720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        49920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        54016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        33792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        99328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        91392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total           403456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::total        10240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks       193024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total        193024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          357                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total              1576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks          754                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total              754                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         2530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       309893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       246649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         6324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       266887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        21503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       166963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         3795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       490769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       451558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        13914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         6324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total             1993432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         1265                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         6324                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        21503                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         3795                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         1265                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        13914                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::total          50595                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks        953711                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total             953711                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks        953711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         2530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       309893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       246649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         6324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       266887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        21503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       166963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         3795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       490769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       451558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        13914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         6324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total            2947143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                      1576                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                      754                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                   12608                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                   6032                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM               403232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                   224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                193024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys                403456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys             193024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                    7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1            1624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5            1585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7            1656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2             784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3             784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7             768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                202543795000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5               12608                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5               6032                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                  1544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                  1544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                  1547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                  1555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                  1558                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                  1559                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                  1561                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                  1565                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                   28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                   20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                  258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples         2596                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.682589                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.151657                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.708426                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63          244      9.40%      9.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::64-95            8      0.31%      9.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::96-127            9      0.35%     10.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::128-159           14      0.54%     10.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::160-191            8      0.31%     10.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::192-223            7      0.27%     11.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255          240      9.24%     20.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2066     79.58%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total         2596                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples          253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean    48.920949                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    41.097369                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             3      1.19%      1.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            6      2.37%      3.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           23      9.09%     12.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           72     28.46%     41.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           37     14.62%     55.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           22      8.70%     64.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           11      4.35%     68.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           16      6.32%     75.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           10      3.95%     79.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            7      2.77%     81.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            5      1.98%     83.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            6      2.37%     86.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            5      1.98%     88.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            8      3.16%     91.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            4      1.58%     92.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            1      0.40%     93.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            3      1.19%     94.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            4      1.58%     96.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            1      0.40%     96.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            2      0.79%     97.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            2      0.79%     98.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            1      0.40%     98.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.40%     98.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.40%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::224-231            1      0.40%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::264-271            1      0.40%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total          253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples          253                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.841897                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.735003                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.226888                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::16              6      2.37%      2.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.40%      2.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::19              7      2.77%      5.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::20              1      0.40%      5.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::21              6      2.37%      8.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.40%      8.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24            221     87.35%     96.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.40%     96.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::32              9      3.56%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total          253                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  387565186                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             601152136                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                 40323200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   30756.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              47706.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                       1.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       0.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                    1.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    0.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.13                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    31.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                  11016                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                  5021                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              83.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                 86928667.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  86.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE 184363719727                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF   17783766000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT     245435003                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0               2636928                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1          2635718.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2          2708294.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3               2706480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0               1778880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1               1778064                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2               1827024                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3               1825800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0         10040908.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1         9980006.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2             10188672                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3         10112294.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0        4621639.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        4582241.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        4724490.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        4717854.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      7449141343.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      7450128984.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      7451367791.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3      7451522593.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0       82478925456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1       82478059104                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2       82476972432                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3       82476836640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        115505105551.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        115505124514.560013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        115505749099.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        115505682058.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          77.857011                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          77.857023                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          77.857444                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          77.857399                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        60416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        45056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        52480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        33024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        95232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        97536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total           396288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total        11008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks       190464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total        190464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          176                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          205                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          372                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total              1548                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks          744                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total              744                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         3795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       298509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       222617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       259298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        26562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       163168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         2530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       470531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       481915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        17708                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total             1958016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3795                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         1265                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        26562                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         2530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        17708                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total          54389                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks        941062                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total             941062                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks        941062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         3795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       298509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       222617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       259298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        26562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       163168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         2530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       470531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       481915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        17708                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total            2899078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                      1548                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                      744                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                   12384                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                   5952                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM               396032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                190464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys                396288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys             190464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            9                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0             776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1             768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3             721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5             751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                202392673000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5               12384                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5               5952                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                  1500                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                  1503                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                  1507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                  1518                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                  1518                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                  1521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                  1522                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                  1526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                    47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                    44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                   40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                   29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                   29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                   26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                   25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                   21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples         2562                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   228.921155                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   203.994882                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.388348                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63          245      9.56%      9.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::64-95            9      0.35%      9.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::96-127           12      0.47%     10.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::128-159           12      0.47%     10.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::160-191           10      0.39%     11.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::192-223           10      0.39%     11.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255          241      9.41%     21.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2023     78.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total         2562                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples          248                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean    49.483871                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    44.005057                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             1      0.40%      0.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            5      2.02%      2.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           20      8.06%     10.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           67     27.02%     37.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           46     18.55%     56.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           24      9.68%     65.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           11      4.44%     70.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           15      6.05%     76.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           11      4.44%     80.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           12      4.84%     85.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            4      1.61%     87.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            4      1.61%     88.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            2      0.81%     89.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            2      0.81%     90.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            5      2.02%     92.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            2      0.81%     93.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            2      0.81%     93.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.40%     94.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            2      0.81%     95.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.40%     95.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            3      1.21%     96.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            4      1.61%     98.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            2      0.81%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::240-247            1      0.40%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::328-335            1      0.40%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total          248                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples          248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.886298                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.377356                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::16              5      2.02%      2.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::17              2      0.81%      2.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::19              4      1.61%      4.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::21              4      1.61%      6.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.40%      6.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::23              2      0.81%      7.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24            219     88.31%     95.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::26              1      0.40%     95.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::32              9      3.63%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::40              1      0.40%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total          248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                  369330652                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat             579103852                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                 39603200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   29842.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              46792.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                       1.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       0.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                    1.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    0.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.25                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    31.66                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                  10808                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                  4958                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              83.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                 88303958.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  86.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE 184366134461                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF   17783766000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT     242885539                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0          2625436.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1          2641766.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2          2670796.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3          2704665.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0          1771128.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1               1782144                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2          1801728.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3               1824576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0         9904627.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1         10164710.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2         9972518.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3         9984499.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        4611686.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        4549063.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2        4618321.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        4661452.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      7448775978.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      7448611544.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      7450494952.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      7452184705.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0       82479245952                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1       82479390192                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2       82477738080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3       82476255840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        115504895204.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        115505099816.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        115505256792.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        115505576135.039993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          77.856869                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          77.857007                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          77.857113                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          77.857328                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        61440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        45568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        52736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        33792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        95744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        96000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total           395264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total         8192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks       191744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total        191744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total              1544                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks          749                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total              749                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       303568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       225147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         5059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       260563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        18973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       166963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         3795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       473061                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       474326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        11384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total             1952956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         5059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        18973                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         3795                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         1265                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        11384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total          40476                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks        947386                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total             947386                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks        947386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       303568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       225147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         5059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       260563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        18973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       166963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         3795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       473061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       474326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        11384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total            2900343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                      1544                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                      749                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                   12352                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                   5992                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM               395264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                191232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys                395264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys             191744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs       479342                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2            1504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4            1592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6            1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7            1624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1             751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2             777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6             776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                202522822000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5               12352                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5               5992                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                  1495                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                  1501                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                  1503                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                  1514                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                  1516                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                  1518                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                  1519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                  1520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                    48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                    42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                   40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                   29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                   27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                   25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                   24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                   23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples         2549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   230.088662                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.360990                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.641617                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63          244      9.57%      9.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::64-95            7      0.27%      9.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::96-127            5      0.20%     10.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::128-159            5      0.20%     10.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::160-191            4      0.16%     10.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::192-223            8      0.31%     10.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255          241      9.45%     20.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2035     79.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total         2549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples          248                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean    48.870968                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    38.396589                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    39.645589                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            7      2.82%      2.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           17      6.85%      9.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           72     29.03%     38.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           37     14.92%     53.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           25     10.08%     63.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           18      7.26%     70.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           14      5.65%     76.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            7      2.82%     79.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            6      2.42%     81.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            6      2.42%     84.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            5      2.02%     86.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            6      2.42%     88.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            5      2.02%     90.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            9      3.63%     94.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            2      0.81%     95.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            2      0.81%     95.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            1      0.40%     96.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            2      0.81%     97.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            1      0.40%     97.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            1      0.40%     97.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.40%     98.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::192-195            1      0.40%     98.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::224-227            1      0.40%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::232-235            1      0.40%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::248-251            1      0.40%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total          248                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples          248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.096774                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.011006                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.129109                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.81%      0.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.40%      1.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::19              5      2.02%      3.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::21              4      1.61%      4.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.40%      5.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24            225     90.73%     95.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::29              1      0.40%     96.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::32              8      3.23%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::40              1      0.40%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total          248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  374540284                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             583906684                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                 39526400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   30322.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              47272.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                       1.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       0.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                    1.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    0.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.25                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    31.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                  10796                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                  4983                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              83.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                 88322207.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  86.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE 184370836159                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF   17783766000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT     238318571                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0               2606688                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1               2570400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2               2621808                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3          2708294.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0               1758480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1               1734000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2               1768680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3               1827024                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0         9912614.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1         9661017.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2         9760857.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3             10023936                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0        4555284.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1             4489344                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        4565237.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        4751032.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      7448958633.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      7448421009.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2      7449318745.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      7451883910.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0      82479085728.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1      82479557328.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2       82478769840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3       82476519696                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        115504837824.000031                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        115504393494.720016                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2        115504765564.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        115505674288.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          77.856830                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          77.856531                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          77.856782                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          77.857394                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        58880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        45312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        50176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        34048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        99328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data       100608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total           400640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::total         9984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks       193024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total        193024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          230                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          177                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total              1565                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks          754                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total              754                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         2530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       290920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       223882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         3795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       247914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        21503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       168227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         2530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         2530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       490769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         2530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       497093                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        16443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total             1979519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         3795                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        21503                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         2530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        16443                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::total          49330                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks        953711                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total             953711                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks        953711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         2530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       290920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       223882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         3795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       247914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        21503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       168227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         2530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         2530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       490769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         2530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       497093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        16443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total            2933229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                      1565                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                      754                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                   12520                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                   6032                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM               400128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                   512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                193344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys                400640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys             193024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                   16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7            1648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0             776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2             745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3             768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6             768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7             761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                202392198000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5               12520                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5               6032                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                  1522                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                  1528                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                  1529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                  1544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                  1545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                  1545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                    40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                   33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                   19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples         2593                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   228.948708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.156242                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.306519                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63          244      9.41%      9.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::64-95           14      0.54%      9.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::96-127           14      0.54%     10.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::128-159            7      0.27%     10.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::160-191           11      0.42%     11.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::192-223           15      0.58%     11.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255          239      9.22%     20.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2049     79.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total         2593                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples          251                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean    49.498008                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    42.010891                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             1      0.40%      0.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            3      1.20%      1.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           23      9.16%     10.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           64     25.50%     36.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           50     19.92%     56.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           24      9.56%     65.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           11      4.38%     70.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           14      5.58%     75.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            7      2.79%     78.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           10      3.98%     82.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            5      1.99%     84.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           10      3.98%     88.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            5      1.99%     90.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            4      1.59%     92.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            5      1.99%     94.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.40%     94.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.40%     94.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            4      1.59%     96.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.40%     96.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.40%     97.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.40%     97.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      0.40%     98.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.40%     98.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::216-223            1      0.40%     98.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::224-231            1      0.40%     99.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::232-239            1      0.40%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::256-263            1      0.40%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total          251                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples          252                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.931805                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.798627                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::16              4      1.59%      1.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.40%      1.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::19              2      0.79%      2.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::21              2      0.79%      3.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.40%      3.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24            235     93.25%     97.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::32              7      2.78%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total          252                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  380353588                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             592296388                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                 40012800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   30418.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              47368.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                       1.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       0.96                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                    1.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    0.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.21                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    31.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                  10928                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                  5026                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              83.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                 87275635.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  86.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE 184352430032                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF   17783766000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT     256162068                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0               2618784                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1          2635718.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2          2701036.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3          2742163.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0               1766640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1               1778064                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2          1822128.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3               1849872                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0         9957043.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1         10025433.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2         10044902.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3         10332940.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        4615004.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        4505518.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        4724490.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        4781306.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      7449521866.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      7450571998.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      7452075156.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      7451269623.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0       82478595216                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1      82477674048.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2      82476355488.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3       82477062096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        115505034949.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        115505151175.680023                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2        115505683597.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        115505998397.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          77.856960                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          77.857038                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          77.857397                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          77.857609                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        62208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        48128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        53504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        34304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data       100608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total           398080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total         8704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks       187904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total        187904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          243                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          352                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total              1555                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks          734                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total              734                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       307363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       237795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       264357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        22768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       169492                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       497093                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       445234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        16443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total             1966870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1265                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         1265                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        22768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         1265                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        16443                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total          43006                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks        928413                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total             928413                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks        928413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       307363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       237795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       264357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        22768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       169492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       497093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       445234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        16443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total            2895283                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                      1555                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                      734                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                   12440                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                   5872                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM               397792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                   288                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                187904                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys                398080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys             187904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                    9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           63                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2            1592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7            1543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1             745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6             735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7             696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                202529715000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5               12440                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5               5872                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                  1501                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                  1505                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                  1506                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                  1522                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                  1524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                  1526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                  1531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                  1531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                    53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                    49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                   48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                   32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                   30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                   28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                   23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                   22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples         2555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.235225                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.362124                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.207383                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63          243      9.51%      9.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::64-95           13      0.51%     10.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::96-127            8      0.31%     10.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::128-159            7      0.27%     10.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::160-191            9      0.35%     10.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::192-223           11      0.43%     11.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255          241      9.43%     20.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2023     79.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total         2555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples          243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.156379                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    42.147912                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             1      0.41%      0.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            6      2.47%      2.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           25     10.29%     13.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           57     23.46%     36.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           36     14.81%     51.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           23      9.47%     60.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           17      7.00%     67.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           10      4.12%     72.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           12      4.94%     76.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           11      4.53%     81.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            5      2.06%     83.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            9      3.70%     87.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            3      1.23%     88.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            2      0.82%     89.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            3      1.23%     90.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            5      2.06%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            1      0.41%     93.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            4      1.65%     94.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.41%     95.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            2      0.82%     95.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            3      1.23%     97.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.41%     97.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            3      1.23%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      0.41%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::288-295            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total          243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples          243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.164609                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.094695                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.895423                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.82%      0.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.41%      1.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::19              2      0.82%      2.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::21              2      0.82%      2.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.41%      3.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24            225     92.59%     95.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::32             10      4.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total          243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                  376070366                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat             586775816                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                 39779200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   30252.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              47202.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                       1.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       0.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                    1.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    0.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    31.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                  10860                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                  4888                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              83.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                 88479560.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  86.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE 184366950077                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF   17783766000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT     242204653                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0          2713737.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1               2633904                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2          2656886.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3          2757283.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0               1830696                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1               1776840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2               1792344                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3               1860072                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0             10360896                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1         10067865.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2         9872678.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3         10263052.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        4688409.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        4545331.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        4638228.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        4741079.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      7449876233.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      7448373622.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      7450487565.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      7452008890.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0       82478280816                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1       82479598896                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2       82477744560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3       82476410064                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0        115505711184                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        115504956854.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        115505152657.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        115506000837.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          77.857419                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          77.856910                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          77.857042                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          77.857614                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        61440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        48128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        49920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        33792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        99584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        95232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total           396544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::total         7424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks       187648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total        187648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          372                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total              1549                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks          733                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total              733                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       303568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       237795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       246649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        21503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       166963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         2530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       492034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       470531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         8854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         5059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total             1959281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1265                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         1265                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         1265                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        21503                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         2530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         8854                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::total          36681                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks        927148                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total             927148                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks        927148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       303568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       237795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       246649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        21503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       166963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         2530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       492034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       470531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         8854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         5059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total            2886429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                      1549                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                      733                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                   12392                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                   5864                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM               396544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                187136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys                396544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys             187648                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4            1600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1             750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6             719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7             747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                202527773000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5               12392                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5               5864                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                  1505                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                  1508                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                  1510                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                  1520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                  1522                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                  1524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                  1526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                  1529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                    44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                    41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                   39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                   29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                   27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                   25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                   23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                   20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                  233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                  233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                  234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                  235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                  235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                  233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples         2542                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.614477                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.153848                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.682087                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63          237      9.32%      9.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::64-95           11      0.43%      9.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::96-127            6      0.24%      9.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::128-159           17      0.67%     10.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::160-191            6      0.24%     10.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::192-223           11      0.43%     11.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255          233      9.17%     20.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2021     79.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total         2542                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples          245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean    49.436735                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    42.158477                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             1      0.41%      0.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            2      0.82%      1.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           25     10.20%     11.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           73     29.80%     41.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           35     14.29%     55.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           17      6.94%     62.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           20      8.16%     70.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           10      4.08%     74.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            8      3.27%     77.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            9      3.67%     81.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            6      2.45%     84.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            5      2.04%     86.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            7      2.86%     88.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            6      2.45%     91.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            6      2.45%     93.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            3      1.22%     95.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.41%     95.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.41%     95.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            2      0.82%     96.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.41%     97.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            4      1.63%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.41%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::232-239            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::328-335            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total          245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples          245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.869388                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.786825                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.014110                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.41%      0.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::18              2      0.82%      1.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::19              9      3.67%      4.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::20              1      0.41%      5.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::21              9      3.67%      8.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::22              2      0.82%      9.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24            212     86.53%     96.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::28              1      0.41%     96.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::32              8      3.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total          245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                  372656252                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat             582700652                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                 39654400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   30072.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              47022.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                       1.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       0.92                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                    1.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    0.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.25                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    31.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                  10828                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                  4870                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              83.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                 88750119.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  85.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE 184373633603                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF   17783766000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT     235521127                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0          2659910.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1          2641766.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2          2748211.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3          2777846.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0               1794384                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1               1782144                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2               1853952                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3               1873944                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0         10072358.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1             10123776                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2         10315468.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3             10348416                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        4614174.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        4575191.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2        4747714.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        4778818.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0      7449238745.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      7448491762.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      7449996945.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      7451366860.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0       82478840016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1       82479495264                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2      82478174928.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3      82476973248.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        115505179984.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        115505070299.519989                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        115505797615.680023                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        115506079529.280014                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          77.857061                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          77.856987                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          77.857477                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          77.857667                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        62720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        45312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        51712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        34048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        96256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        95488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total           398080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::total         9984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks       188416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total        188416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          177                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          376                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          373                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total              1555                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks          736                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total              736                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         2530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       309893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       223882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         2530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       255503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        26562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       168227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         3795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         5059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       475590                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         1265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       471796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        10119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         5059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total             1966870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         1265                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         2530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        26562                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         5059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         1265                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        10119                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::total          49330                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks        930943                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total             930943                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks        930943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         2530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       309893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       223882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         2530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       255503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        26562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       168227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         3795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         5059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       475590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         1265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       471796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        10119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         5059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total            2897813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                      1555                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                      736                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                   12440                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                   5888                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM               398080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                188416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys                398080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys             188416                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           16                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7            1664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2             751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3             753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                202536090000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5               12440                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5               5888                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                  1512                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                  1513                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                  1514                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                  1529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                  1531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                  1532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                  1535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                  1538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                    43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                    42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                   41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                   26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                   24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                   23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                   20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                  235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples         2554                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.638215                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.058085                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.768818                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63          239      9.36%      9.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::64-95           14      0.55%      9.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::96-127            7      0.27%     10.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.23%     10.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::160-191            7      0.27%     10.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::192-223           16      0.63%     11.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255          235      9.20%     20.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2030     79.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total         2554                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples          244                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.491803                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    40.121468                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    39.273494                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            4      1.64%      1.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           13      5.33%      6.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           77     31.56%     38.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           33     13.52%     52.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           21      8.61%     60.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           15      6.15%     66.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           17      6.97%     73.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            5      2.05%     75.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           14      5.74%     81.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           10      4.10%     85.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            7      2.87%     88.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.41%     88.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            3      1.23%     90.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            2      0.82%     90.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            7      2.87%     93.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            4      1.64%     95.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            2      0.82%     96.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            1      0.41%     96.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            1      0.41%     97.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            1      0.41%     97.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            1      0.41%     97.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.41%     98.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::192-195            2      0.82%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::216-219            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::224-227            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total          244                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples          244                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.131148                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.020484                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.507440                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::16              3      1.23%      1.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.41%      1.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::19              4      1.64%      3.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::21              4      1.64%      4.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::23              2      0.82%      5.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24            219     89.75%     95.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.41%     95.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::32              9      3.69%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::48              1      0.41%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total          244                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  369533580                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             580391580                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                 39808000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   29705.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              46655.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                       1.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       0.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                    1.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    0.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    31.10                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                  10868                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                  4906                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              83.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                 88405102.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  86.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE 184369883895                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF   17783766000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT     239270835                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0          2672006.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1          2584915.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2          2651443.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3          2743372.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0               1802544                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1               1743792                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2               1788672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3          1850688.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0         10252070.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1         9936076.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2         9825753.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3         10244083.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        4591779.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        4552381.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        4605050.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        4747714.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      25557960395.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      7449732483.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1        7448407056                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      7451152850.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3      7451805824.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0       82478406912                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1      82479569568.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2       82477160976                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3       82476588192                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        115505418192                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        115504754184.960022                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        115505145142.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        115505940270.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          77.857221                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          77.856774                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          77.857037                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          77.857573                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               18996                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18996                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                141                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               141                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             11923                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          3678545                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         266674                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1908870                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           18                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            634904                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6219                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      6544521                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      6545427                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                6545427                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      9427201                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      9429013                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 9429013                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      9498000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    308582500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       141000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        70500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    196729500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq   1887691055                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    134046893                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    954435000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq        11994                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq    410323135                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    102613500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq          471                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           96                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq           15                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          347                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         7998                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         2511                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           81                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           17                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq       372495                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       471492                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         4499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback       777952                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     21598488                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         7000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     18794500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       735499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       159000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                          8914                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                         2628                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                            1                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                  2500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime            23493934                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime           19429491                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                          2665052                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           4610747                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 4610747    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             4610747                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              296500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                 453                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy          1163616500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded             1945696                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         1365701500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded            1934226                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq              18683                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp             18683                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback            11923                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1908675                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           195                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        1908870                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6219                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6219                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       277096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port          990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port          903                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         1041                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         1012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port          974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port          975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       438637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       241519                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         1006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port          935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         1013                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port          909                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         1036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total       969891                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       278767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port          986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port          975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         1015                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port          966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port          896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         1002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       438467                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       239989                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         1005                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port          976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         1012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         1014                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port          885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total       969841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       279223                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port          950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         1065                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         1040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port          960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port          941                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         1015                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          955                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       438525                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       239396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port          939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port          968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port          946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port          957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port          998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total       969876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       276873                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         1031                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port          952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port          932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port          985                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port          961                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         1030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port          978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       438739                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       241617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port          928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         1011                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port          941                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port          964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port          935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total       969861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total               3879469                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       147712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       135680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       149760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       143104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       147968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       152576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       145664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       143616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       147200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       145920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       142592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       149248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       142080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       152576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       141824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       160000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total      2347520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       154368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       142848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       150784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       146432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       147456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       146944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       136704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       150272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       144640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       145152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       152576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       152320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       148480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       151808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       151296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       136192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total      2358273                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       148224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       149760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       144640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       157696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       149248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       145920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       145920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       147712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       146176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       150784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       147712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       144384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       149504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       145664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       146688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       151040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total      2371072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       143616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       155904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       146432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       143872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       143104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       147456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       154368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       144384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       148736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       147200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       144128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       140544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       153600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       146432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       148480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       142080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total      2350336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total                9427201                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     26141000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    184124076                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    112072600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq   2672134200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       273000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp   2670524532                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      8702200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     61134549                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq           38                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            9                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           27                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           11                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        26200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback         3600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       139800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        11798                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        23400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                           85                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           2                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime             193000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime             11798                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy          784811600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded             556350                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy            9063600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded               2286                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy            9187400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded               2311                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy            9263200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded               2314                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy            9250000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded               2408                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy            9263000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded               2325                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy            9100200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded               2289                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy            9164400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded               2352                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy            9173000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded               2301                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy         1234582000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded             877560                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy         680277400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded            481635                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy           9117400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded              2307                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy           9282800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded              2322                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy           9297400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded              2333                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy           9266800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded              2300                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy           9222800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded              2302                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy         728866988                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded            483467                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy         728726749                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded            483417                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy         729527221                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded            483452                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy         728663699                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded            483437                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq        18683                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp        18683                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback        11923                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq      1908675                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          195                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1908870                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq         6219                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp         6219                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave       969891                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave       969841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave       969876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave       969861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      3879469                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave      2347520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave      2358273                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave      2371072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave      2350336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      9427201                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     14946400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     74732000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     47692000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq   1526940000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       156000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp   1527096000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      4975200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     24876000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          110                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         3759                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            8                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        86900                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      3866300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp         8700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                  3877                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime      3961900                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy    398601600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded       486424                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy    398761700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded       486424                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy    398649600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded       486424                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy    398697600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded       486424                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy   1626704800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded      1933773                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           13820306                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          13260781                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate       559525                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               141                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              141                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            10321                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         3678581                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        266680                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        3945261                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq        38306                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp        38306                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1639771                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1639771                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3152900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         2196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3352803                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         2559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3214197                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         2524                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3185298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         1483                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4311410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         2747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4180027                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         2736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          981                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              21434480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       391936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2257964                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         2972                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       410624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2241312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         3524                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       686848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2442540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         3492                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       415232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1457184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         2000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       407808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4256024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         3692                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       371712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3950120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         3676                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       206080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        83261                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19598325                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   7329535166                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   1933209187                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       141000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        71997                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    335503329                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq   2059272077                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    134063865                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    954596211                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq     19219712                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq    982705061                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    222394920                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq      1388699                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp        13727                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq           36                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          464                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       119476                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         6541                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq        23236                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq        78557                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           76                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1142802279                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    140713994                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      1069999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback      3780663                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    227915832                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      6861466                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        82000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq     12663463                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq    131990413                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       837961                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                      1625577                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                       13808                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime         1527084115                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime         141633955                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                        17463411                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         19453652                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47              19453652    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           19453652                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        10866031210                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded           19454106                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          49791897                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded              1531                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       79182990753                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            39.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded           2900072                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           1453996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded              1453                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          52167400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded              1604                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy       90957417509                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            44.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded           3165513                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy           1684982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded              1678                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy         87238884                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded             2683                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy      86479181424                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization           42.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded          3017581                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy          1657480                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded             1651                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy         52758384                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded             1622                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy      99020895952                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization           48.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded          3144160                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy           983000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded              983                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.occupancy         51795922                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded             1593                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy      74349344988                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization           36.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded          3610480                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.occupancy             5000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                5                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.occupancy          1824000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded             1824                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy         47218910                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded             1452                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy      77603153313                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization           38.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded          3584721                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.occupancy             5000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                5                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.occupancy          1817998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded             1817                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy           130000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         26167989                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              805                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy         12247491                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              541                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             7000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                7                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples        20238                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0        20238    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total        20238                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples        20238                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0        20238    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total        20238                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples        20238                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0        20238    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total        20238                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples        20238                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0        20238    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total        20238                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples        20238                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0            20238    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total        20238                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples        20238                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0           20238    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total        20238                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                     25109                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8089.286810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       61356                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     25109                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.443586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3006.092346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     6.974685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst    55.619480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data  1137.931093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     2.093307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst     9.263397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   670.549073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     2.835727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst    30.008304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   887.515658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     2.447987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst    90.779177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   617.724348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     2.147092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst    23.104057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   695.049885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     2.072578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst     1.968593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   681.358779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     3.339626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   112.761168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data    36.650450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.366955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.006789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.138908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.001131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.081854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.003663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.108339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.011081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.075406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.002820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.084845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.000240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.083174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.000366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.013765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.004474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.987462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          783                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7090                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.003174                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.993164                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  15954141                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 15954141                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst         1475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         4373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst         1594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         4840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst         2628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         5238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst         1326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         2947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst         1541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         6411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst         1441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         6029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   45436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            10321                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 10321                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   49                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                  6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           87                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          125                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          113                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          108                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   610                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst          1475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data          4464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst          1594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data          4927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst          2628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data          5363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst          1326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data          3016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst          1541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data          6524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst          1441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data          6137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data             1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data           163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    46046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          735                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst         1475                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data         4464                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          876                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst         1594                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data         4927                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          868                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst         2628                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data         5363                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          493                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst         1326                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data         3016                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          916                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst         1541                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data         6524                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          911                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst         1441                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data         6137                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          631                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data          163                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   46046                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         3776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         2480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         3098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst          296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         2091                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         2995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         3555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 18730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       243898                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       178442                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data       186954                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data        35358                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data       684158                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data       579762                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           90                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total            1908662                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total              195                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          421                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          181                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         3194                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         2385                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                6232                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data         3805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data         2901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data         3279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst          296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data         2106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data         6189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data         5940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  24962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data         3805                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst           10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data         2901                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data         3279                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst          296                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data         2106                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data         6189                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data         5940                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          174                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data           47                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 24962                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1067000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      6689500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    495446351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       620500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       927000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    322036929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       620500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      6640000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    403795797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     37600000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    269965497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       908500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      6799000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    386126466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker      1019500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      1385500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    458560562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     22618000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5154500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2429053102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1372500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1177000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1698500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       522000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       130000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       195000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       261000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      5356000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1106500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        72500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1440500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      3706485                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     55399944                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     24242444                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1807000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    427997505                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    317900835                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       888000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     831942213                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1067000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      6689500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    499152836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       620500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       927000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    377436873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       620500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      6640000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    428038241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       948000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     37600000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    271772497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       908500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      6799000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    814123971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker      1019500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      1385500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    776461397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     22618000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6042500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       3260995315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1067000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      6689500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    499152836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       620500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       927000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    377436873                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       620500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      6640000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    428038241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       948000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     37600000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    271772497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       908500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      6799000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    814123971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker      1019500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      1385500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    776461397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     22618000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6042500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      3260995315                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         1531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         8149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         7320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         2683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         8336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         1622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         5038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst         1593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         9406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst         1452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         9584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               64166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10321                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             10321                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       243905                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       178447                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data       186965                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        35368                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data       684164                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data       579769                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           93                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          1908711                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            201                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          508                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          306                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         3307                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         2493                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           24                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              6842                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         1531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data         8269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data         7828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         2683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data         8642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         1622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data         5122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data        12713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst         1452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data        12077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                71008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         1531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data         8269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data         7828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         2683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data         8642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         1622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data         5122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst         1593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data        12713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst         1452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data        12077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               71008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.010767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.036577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.463370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.005675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.006234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.338798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.005727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.020499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.371641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.014000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.182491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.415046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.007584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.032643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.318414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.008705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.007576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.370931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.142857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.216149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.215054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.291899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999971                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.999941                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.999717                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.999991                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.999988                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.967742                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.999974                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.965517                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.972222                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.714286                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.970588                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.970149                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.241667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.828740                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.591503                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.178571                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.965830                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.956679                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.291667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.910845                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.010767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.036577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.460152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.005675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.006234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.370593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.005727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.020499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.379426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.014000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.182491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.411168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.007584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.032643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.486825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.008705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.007576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.491844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.142857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.216149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.223810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.351538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.010767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.036577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.460152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.005675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.006234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.370593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.005727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.020499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.379426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.014000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.182491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.411168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.007584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.032643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.486825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.008705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.007576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.491844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.142857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.216149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.223810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.351538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       133375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 119455.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 131209.309057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       124100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst        92700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 129853.600403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       124100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 120727.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 130340.799548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 135428.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 127027.027027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 129108.319943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker 129785.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst       130750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 128923.694825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker 127437.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 125954.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 128990.312799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 129988.505747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 128862.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129687.832461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     5.627352                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     6.595981                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     9.085123                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    14.763278                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     0.190015                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     0.336345                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         2900                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total     2.806154                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  2339.285714                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 31614.285714                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        13000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  1006.944444                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  1984.848485                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        13100                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7387.179487                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 127809.827586                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 131591.315914                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 133936.154696                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 120466.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 134000.471196                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 133291.754717                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 126857.142857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133495.220315                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       133375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 119455.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 131183.399737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       124100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst        92700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 130105.781799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       124100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 120727.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 130539.262275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 135428.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 127027.027027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 129046.769706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker 129785.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst       130750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 131543.701890                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker 127437.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 125954.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 130717.406902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 129988.505747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 128563.829787                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130638.382942                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       133375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 119455.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 131183.399737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       124100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst        92700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 130105.781799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       124100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 120727.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 130539.262275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 135428.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 127027.027027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 129046.769706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker 129785.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst       130750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 131543.701890                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker 127437.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 125954.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 130717.406902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 129988.505747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 128563.829787                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130638.382942                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                11923                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     11923                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 47                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         3775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         2480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         3097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         2090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         2995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         3555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            18683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       243898                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       178442                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       186954                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        35358                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data       684158                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data       579762                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           90                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       1908662                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          195                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          421                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          181                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         3194                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         2385                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           6232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         3804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         2901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         3278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         2105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         6189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         5940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             24915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst           47                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         3804                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         2901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         3278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         2105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         6189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         5940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           47                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            24915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       979000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      5506500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    453741851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       565500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       703000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    294756929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       565500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      4930500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    369548797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       871000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     33237500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    246794997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       831500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      6185000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    353181466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       819500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      1072000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    419455562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     20704000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4714500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2219277602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  13272292541                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   9722313169                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  10196149616                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   1919245796                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  37270512068                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  31580860333                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4897499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 103966271022                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1512999                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       926000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1917997                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       271499                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      3905494                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1802983                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       271500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10608472                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      3387485                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     50768944                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     22251444                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1642000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    392863505                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    291665835                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       811000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    763390213                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       979000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      5506500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    457129336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       565500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       703000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    345525873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       565500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      4930500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    391800241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       871000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     33237500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    248436997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       831500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      6185000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    746044971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       819500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      1072000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    711121397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     20704000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5525500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2982667815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       979000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      5506500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    457129336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       565500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       703000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    345525873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       565500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      4930500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    391800241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       871000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     33237500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    248436997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       831500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      6185000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    746044971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       819500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      1072000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    711121397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     20704000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5525500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2982667815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      1069000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1002000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data      1024000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       985000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data       963500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data      1044999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       200000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6288499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       440000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       440000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       480000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       460000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data       443000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       443500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       135000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2841500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      1509000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1442000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data      1504000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data      1445000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data      1406500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data      1488499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       335000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9129999                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.010767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.030699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.463247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.005675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.003741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.338798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.005727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.015281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.371521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.014000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.175092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.414847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.007584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.031387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.318414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.007617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.006198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.370931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.142857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.216149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.215054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.291167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999971                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.999941                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.999717                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.999991                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.999988                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999974                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.970149                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.241667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.828740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.591503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.178571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.965830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.956679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.291667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.910845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.010767                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.030699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.460031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.005675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.003741                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.370593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.005727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.015281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.379310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.014000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.175092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.410972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.007584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.031387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.486825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.007617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.006198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.491844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.142857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.216149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.223810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.350876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.010767                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.030699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.460031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.005675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.003741                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.370593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.005727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.015281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.379310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.014000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.175092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.410972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.007584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.031387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.486825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.007617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.006198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.491844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.142857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.216149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.223810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.350876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       122375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 117159.574468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 120196.516821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       113100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 117166.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118853.600403                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       113100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 120256.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 119324.764934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 124428.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 117033.450704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 118083.730622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker 118785.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst       123700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 117923.694825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker 117071.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 119111.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 117990.312799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 118988.505747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 117862.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118785.933844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54417.389815                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54484.444071                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54538.280090                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54280.383393                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 54476.468985                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54472.111544                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54416.655556                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54470.760681                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54035.678571                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54470.588235                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54799.914286                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54299.800000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 54242.972222                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54635.848485                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54300                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54402.420513                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 116809.827586                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 120591.315914                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 122936.154696                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 109466.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 123000.471196                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 122291.754717                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 115857.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122495.220315                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       122375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 117159.574468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 120170.698212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       113100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 117166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 119105.781799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       113100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 120256.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 119524.173581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 124428.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 117033.450704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 118022.326366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker 118785.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst       123700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 120543.701890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker 117071.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 119111.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 119717.406902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 118988.505747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 117563.829787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119713.739314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       122375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 117159.574468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 120170.698212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       113100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 117166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 119105.781799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       113100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 120256.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 119524.173581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 124428.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 117033.450704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 118022.326366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker 118785.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst       123700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 120543.701890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker 117071.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 119111.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 119717.406902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 118988.505747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 117563.829787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119713.739314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                       8914                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples         6213                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         6213    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total          6213                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2957                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2957    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2957                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples         20238                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     7842672.200810                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    15560339.014112                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        19577     96.73%     96.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          598      2.95%     99.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08           42      0.21%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            5      0.02%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            2      0.01%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            1      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            5      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            2      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            2      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total           20238                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        7858626.077442      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                   1590528                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples        20238                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    3720209.506868                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   10922041.723957                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        19945     98.55%     98.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          261      1.29%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08           22      0.11%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            5      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total          20238                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       3740215.244004      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                 756992                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples            6213                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       101170.835345                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      99631.804686                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev      21668.577994                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            1      0.02%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-98303         5439     87.54%     87.56% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          167      2.69%     90.25% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          148      2.38%     92.63% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          112      1.80%     94.43% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          138      2.22%     96.65% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          115      1.85%     98.50% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           19      0.31%     98.81% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-212991           12      0.19%     99.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           44      0.71%     99.71% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            3      0.05%     99.76% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            9      0.14%     99.90% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            3      0.05%     99.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            1      0.02%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            1      0.02%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            1      0.02%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total              6213                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples                6213                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           32597627.716079                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          29238282.353179                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               1      0.02%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows              6212     99.98%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value             89000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value         331367000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                  6213                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples              2957                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         68445258.708150                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        117848737.250868                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2957    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value          110000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value      2629142000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                2957                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                  9170                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             22071170.119956                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            20015890.160213                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 1      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 2      0.02%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 2      0.02%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                1      0.01%      0.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows                9164     99.93%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value               67000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value           180490000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                    9170                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples        20238                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.003212                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.056583                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0            20173     99.68%     99.68% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1               65      0.32%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total        20238                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples        20238                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0           20238    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total        20238                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples             20238                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean             0.306354                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            0.608151                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0                   14887     73.56%     73.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::1                    4688     23.16%     96.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::2                     599      2.96%     99.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::3                      43      0.21%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4                       1      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::5                       4      0.02%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::6                       2      0.01%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::7                       1      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8                       4      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::9                       1      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::10                      2      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::11                      2      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12                      1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::13                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::14                      2      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::19                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total               20238                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples            20238                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.145321                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.426642                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                  17660     87.26%     87.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                   2285     11.29%     98.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                    261      1.29%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                     22      0.11%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                      3      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                      2      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                      2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                      1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total              20238                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples         6205                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         6205    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total          6205                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3008                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    255.915226                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   255.528505                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     4.649447                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      0.03%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         3007     99.97%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3008                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples         20238                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     7822433.046744                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    15291402.969100                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        19576     96.73%     96.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          595      2.94%     99.67% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08           43      0.21%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            7      0.03%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            2      0.01%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            3      0.01%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            5      0.02%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            3      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total           20238                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        7848507.131905      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                   1588480                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples        20238                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    3791046.546101                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   10723913.528812                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        19953     98.59%     98.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          255      1.26%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08           20      0.10%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            7      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total          20238                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       3803463.594499      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                 769793                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples            6205                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       101289.991942                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      99672.274514                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev      22358.933846                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            1      0.02%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            1      0.02%      0.03% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303         5430     87.51%     87.54% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          169      2.72%     90.27% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          152      2.45%     92.72% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          118      1.90%     94.62% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          114      1.84%     96.45% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          108      1.74%     98.20% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           17      0.27%     98.47% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            9      0.15%     98.61% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           68      1.10%     99.71% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            6      0.10%     99.81% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143           10      0.16%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            1      0.02%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            1      0.02%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total              6205                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples                6205                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           32617637.550363                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          30330533.584406                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               1      0.02%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows              6204     99.98%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value             89000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value         407161000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                  6205                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples              3008                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         67284783.909574                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        112002466.169089                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows            3008    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value          102000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1801802000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                3008                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                  9213                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             21968156.952133                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            20819273.531817                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 1      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows                9212     99.99%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value               89000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value           392081000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                    9213                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples        20238                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.003064                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.055266                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0            20176     99.69%     99.69% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1               62      0.31%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total        20238                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples        20238                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0           20238    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total        20238                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples             20238                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean             0.305564                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            0.597072                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0                   14899     73.62%     73.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::1                    4675     23.10%     96.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::2                     597      2.95%     99.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::3                      44      0.22%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4                       4      0.02%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::5                       2      0.01%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::6                       2      0.01%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::7                       3      0.01%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8                       1      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::9                       4      0.02%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::10                      2      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::11                      2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12                      1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::13                      2      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total               20238                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples            20238                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.148088                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.418903                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                  17584     86.89%     86.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                   2369     11.71%     98.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                    255      1.26%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                     20      0.10%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                      5      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                      2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                      1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total              20238                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples         6290                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         6290    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total          6290                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2972                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2972    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2972                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples         20238                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     7933748.394110                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    15781075.962798                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        19510     96.40%     96.40% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          656      3.24%     99.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08           43      0.21%     99.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08           12      0.06%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            5      0.02%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            6      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            2      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total           20238                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        7956020.928232      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                   1610240                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples        20238                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    3746773.396581                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   10765063.543104                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07        17623     87.08%     87.08% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         2336     11.54%     98.62% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.62% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          245      1.21%     99.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           22      0.11%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            6      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            3      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total          20238                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       3759188.266885      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                 760832                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples            6290                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       100575.405405                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      99211.054142                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev      20422.150485                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303         5538     88.04%     88.04% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          170      2.70%     90.75% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          166      2.64%     93.39% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          128      2.03%     95.42% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          117      1.86%     97.28% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           89      1.41%     98.70% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           10      0.16%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991           12      0.19%     99.05% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           43      0.68%     99.73% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            7      0.11%     99.84% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            5      0.08%     99.92% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            1      0.02%     99.94% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            1      0.02%     99.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            3      0.05%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total              6290                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples                6290                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           32200639.268680                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          28790389.399242                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows              6290    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value            127000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value         300719000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                  6290                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples              2972                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         68099155.787349                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        106296749.338844                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             1      0.03%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            1      0.03%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2970     99.93%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value           88000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1334245000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                2972                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                  9262                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             21851923.450659                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            20521263.779803                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 1      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 1      0.01%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                1      0.01%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows                9259     99.97%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value               88000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value           300719000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                    9262                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples        20238                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.002915                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.053916                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0            20179     99.71%     99.71% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1               59      0.29%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total        20238                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples        20238                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0           20238    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total        20238                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples             20238                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean             0.309912                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            0.617009                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0                   14897     73.61%     73.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::1                    4607     22.76%     96.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::2                     662      3.27%     99.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::3                      44      0.22%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4                      11      0.05%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::5                       0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::6                       5      0.02%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::7                       0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8                       3      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::9                       2      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::10                      1      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::11                      2      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::13                      1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::14                      1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::18                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total               20238                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples            20238                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.146358                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.420510                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                  17623     87.08%     87.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                   2336     11.54%     98.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                    245      1.21%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                     22      0.11%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                      6      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                      1      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                      3      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total              20238                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples         6194                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         6194    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total          6194                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2987                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2987    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2987                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples         20238                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     7822433.046744                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    15591308.454167                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        19542     96.56%     96.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          625      3.09%     99.65% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08           46      0.23%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            7      0.03%     99.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            2      0.01%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            3      0.01%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            4      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            3      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            2      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            3      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total           20238                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        7834593.581792      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                   1585664                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples        20238                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    3756892.973614                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   10851438.163007                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07        17627     87.10%     87.10% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         2323     11.48%     98.58% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.58% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          250      1.24%     99.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           30      0.15%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            2      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            1      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            2      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total          20238                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       3778161.289766      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                 764672                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples            6194                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       101010.962222                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      99493.161690                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev      21444.205486                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            3      0.05%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-98303         5434     87.73%     87.78% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          163      2.63%     90.41% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          153      2.47%     92.88% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          118      1.91%     94.79% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          107      1.73%     96.51% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          123      1.99%     98.50% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           24      0.39%     98.89% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            4      0.06%     98.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           46      0.74%     99.69% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            5      0.08%     99.77% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::245760-262143           11      0.18%     99.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            1      0.02%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            2      0.03%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total              6194                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples                6194                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           32675594.123345                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          30076947.130814                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               1      0.02%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows              6193     99.98%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value             40000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value         497774000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                  6194                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples              2987                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         67801540.006696                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        115391413.958261                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             1      0.03%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2986     99.97%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value           74000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value      2866299000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                2987                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                  9181                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             22044726.064699                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            20619980.723071                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 1      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 1      0.01%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 1      0.01%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows                9178     99.97%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value               40000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value           313954000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                    9181                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples        20238                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.003064                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.055266                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0            20176     99.69%     99.69% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1               62      0.31%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total        20238                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples        20238                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0           20238    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total        20238                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples             20238                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean             0.305564                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            0.609035                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0                   14948     73.86%     73.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::1                    4595     22.70%     96.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::2                     625      3.09%     99.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::3                      44      0.22%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4                       4      0.02%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::5                       4      0.02%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::6                       2      0.01%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::7                       3      0.01%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8                       3      0.01%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::9                       1      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::10                      3      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::11                      2      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12                      1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::13                      2      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::15                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total               20238                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples            20238                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.146754                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.423884                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                  17627     87.10%     87.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                   2323     11.48%     98.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                    250      1.24%     99.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                     30      0.15%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                      2      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                      1      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                      1      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                      2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     2      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total              20238                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       653605                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271       653605    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total         653605                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        11924                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     255.978615                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.880977                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      2.335228                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        11923     99.99%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         11924                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples          20238                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      31421286.688408                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     41875909.856892                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08        20189     99.76%     99.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08           21      0.10%     99.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            4      0.02%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            6      0.03%     99.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            5      0.02%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            3      0.01%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            2      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            1      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            3      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            3      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total            20238                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         31497747.719371      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                    6374912                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         20238                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     15014922.423164                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    27473844.127720                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08        20208     99.85%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08           16      0.08%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            7      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            3      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total           20238                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        15081028.395155      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                 3052289                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples            24902                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        109643.301743                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       108205.862487                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       21607.348520                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            5      0.02%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            1      0.00%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            0      0.00%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687        22166     89.01%     89.04% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          704      2.83%     91.86% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          493      1.98%     93.84% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          474      1.90%     95.75% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          413      1.66%     97.41% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607          317      1.27%     98.68% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991           33      0.13%     98.81% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           27      0.11%     98.92% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759          211      0.85%     99.77% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143           13      0.05%     99.82% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527           31      0.12%     99.94% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            6      0.02%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            4      0.02%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            4      0.02%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total              24902                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20500                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples               653605                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            309655.878551                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           1151724.799834                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 7      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                  9898      1.51%      1.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000             38705      5.92%      7.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            13944      2.13%      9.57% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            38861      5.95%     15.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            17655      2.70%     18.22% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            34696      5.31%     23.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            41815      6.40%     29.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            20524      3.14%     33.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000             7722      1.18%     34.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            19331      2.96%     37.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000             2878      0.44%     37.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000             5666      0.87%     38.51% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000             4778      0.73%     39.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000             3657      0.56%     39.80% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000             5597      0.86%     40.66% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000             5118      0.78%     41.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000             2698      0.41%     41.85% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000             2174      0.33%     42.19% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000             4410      0.67%     42.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            8445      1.29%     44.15% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows             365026     55.85%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                  0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value           38027500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                 653605                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples              11924                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          16973551.660517                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         28508099.393276                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            224      1.88%      1.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             10      0.08%      1.96% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             71      0.60%      2.56% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             26      0.22%      2.78% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             17      0.14%      2.92% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             71      0.60%      3.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             16      0.13%      3.65% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000              8      0.07%      3.72% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             20      0.17%      3.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             26      0.22%      4.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             62      0.52%      4.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             92      0.77%      5.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             93      0.78%      6.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             95      0.80%      6.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000              5      0.04%      7.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             93      0.78%      7.79% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            21      0.18%      7.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            10974     92.03%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value        996842500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                11924                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                 665529                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              304107.905140                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             1140272.234028                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   7      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                   10005      1.50%      1.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000               39903      6.00%      7.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000              14088      2.12%      9.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000              39417      5.92%     15.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000              17882      2.69%     18.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000              34823      5.23%     23.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000              42530      6.39%     29.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000              21633      3.25%     33.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000               8240      1.24%     34.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000              19640      2.95%     37.29% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000               2974      0.45%     37.74% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000               5844      0.88%     38.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000               5022      0.75%     39.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000               3981      0.60%     39.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000               6390      0.96%     40.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000               5487      0.82%     41.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000               3217      0.48%     42.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000               2579      0.39%     42.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000               4700      0.71%     43.33% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000              8673      1.30%     44.63% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows               368494     55.37%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                    0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             38027500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                   665529                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples        20238                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.013588                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.117892                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0             19968     98.67%     98.67% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1               265      1.31%     99.98% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2                 5      0.02%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total         20238                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples        20238                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0            20238    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total        20238                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples              20238                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean             32.291630                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev            17.710108                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-7                   4097     20.24%     20.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::8-15                   222      1.10%     21.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-23                  634      3.13%     24.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::24-31                 1758      8.69%     33.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-39                 3903     19.29%     52.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::40-47                 6168     30.48%     82.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::48-55                 3142     15.53%     98.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::56-63                  298      1.47%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-71                   11      0.05%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::72-79                    4      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::80-87                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::88-95                    1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-103                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::104-111                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::112-119                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::120-127                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-135                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::136-143                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::144-151                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::152-159                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                20238                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples             20238                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             0.586520                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            1.073197                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-3                 20008     98.86%     98.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-7                   213      1.05%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-11                    8      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-15                   2      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-19                   3      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-23                   1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-27                   0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-31                   1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-35                   0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-39                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::40-43                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::44-47                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::48-51                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::52-55                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::56-59                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::60-63                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::64-67                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::68-71                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::72-75                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::76-79                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total               20238                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    11666239                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                       465                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    2809782                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      271                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                11666704                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                2810053                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         14476021                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                            736                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     14476757                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    40893700                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                40893700                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         40893700                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     40893700                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       401994009                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   40008320                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     40616996                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             32486939                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     334108                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      5218674                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    32486939                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           47413538                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          21917802                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           157005981                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           25136250                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     14477434                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   11666951                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   2810483                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              96739767.546281                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              305254241.453719                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.759350                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.240650                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          6836992                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 26140738     64.36%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     582      0.00%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                11666951     28.72%     93.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                2810483      6.92%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  40618756                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      14                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1531                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           37933689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         24777.066623                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         81788931                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        81788931                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst     40892169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       40892169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst     40892169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        40892169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst     40892169                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       40892169                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1531                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1531                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     30477397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30477397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     30477397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     30477397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     30477397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     30477397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     40893700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     40893700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     40893700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     40893700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     40893700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     40893700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 19906.856303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19906.856303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 19906.856303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19906.856303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 19906.856303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19906.856303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     27346603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27346603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     27346603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     27346603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     27346603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     27346603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 17861.922273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17861.922273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 17861.922273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17861.922273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 17861.922273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17861.922273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry               190                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             8376                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          235.991736                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           15082056                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             8376                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1800.627507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   235.991736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.921843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.921843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.820312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         31339218                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        31339218                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      9493949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9493949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      2048093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2048093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          137                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          137                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        18639                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18639                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          167                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          167                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data     11542042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        11542042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data     11542179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       11542179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data      2015810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2015810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       711433                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       711433                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           42                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           42                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       137609                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       137609                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        36456                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        36456                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data      2727243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2727243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data      2727285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2727285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  59653832695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  59653832695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  27277428443                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  27277428443                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3562794976                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   3562794976                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    610750637                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    610750637                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     83438000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total     83438000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  86931261138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  86931261138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  86931261138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  86931261138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data     11509759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11509759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      2759526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2759526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          179                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       156248                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       156248                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        36623                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        36623                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data     14269285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14269285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data     14269464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14269464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.175139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.175139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.257810                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.257810                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.234637                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.234637                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.880709                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.880709                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.995440                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.995440                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.191127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.191127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.191127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.191127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 29592.983810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29592.983810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 38341.528216                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38341.528216                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 25890.711916                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25890.711916                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 16753.089670                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16753.089670                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 31875.143190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31875.143190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 31874.652315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31874.652315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          550                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              550                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data      2015810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2015810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       711433                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       711433                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           42                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       137568                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       137568                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        35144                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        35144                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data      2727243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2727243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data      2727285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2727285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  54828947297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  54828947297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  25770915557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25770915557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       844500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       844500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3230271524                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3230271524                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    542439363                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    542439363                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     80142000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80142000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  80599862854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  80599862854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  80600707354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  80600707354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      2033502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2033502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       771000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       771000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      2804502                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2804502                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.175139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.175139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.257810                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.257810                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.234637                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234637                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.880446                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880446                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.959616                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.959616                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.191127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.191127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 27199.461902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27199.461902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 36223.953003                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36223.953003                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 20107.142857                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20107.142857                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 23481.271255                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23481.271255                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 15434.764483                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15434.764483                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 29553.605181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29553.605181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 29553.459706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29553.459706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry            316240                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    12766645                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                       536                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    2525302                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      331                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                12767181                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                2525633                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         15291947                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                            867                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     15292814                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    47566452                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                47566452                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         47566452                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     47566452                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       401993912                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   46304303                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     46892199                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             36716198                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     312981                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      6487726                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    36716198                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           51776257                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          24638515                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           179138770                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           29988795                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     15293268                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   12767314                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   2525954                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              67038796.688627                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              334955115.311373                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.833234                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.166766                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          8457624                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 31600057     67.39%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     576      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                12767314     27.23%     94.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                2525954      5.39%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  46893903                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      11                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1604                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           44608938                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1604                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         27811.058603                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         95134508                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        95134508                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst     47564848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       47564848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst     47564848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        47564848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst     47564848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       47564848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1604                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1604                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     26270400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     26270400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     26270400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     26270400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     26270400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     26270400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     47566452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47566452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     47566452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     47566452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     47566452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     47566452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 16378.054863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16378.054863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 16378.054863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16378.054863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 16378.054863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16378.054863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     22987600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22987600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     22987600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     22987600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     22987600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     22987600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14331.421446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14331.421446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14331.421446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14331.421446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14331.421446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14331.421446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry               212                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             7928                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          214.377400                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           18452588                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             7928                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs          2327.521191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   214.377400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.837412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.837412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.843750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33349364                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33349364                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data     10182765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10182765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      1899896                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1899896                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          149                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          149                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        36525                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        36525                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          166                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          166                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data     12082661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        12082661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data     12082810                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       12082810                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data      2360522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2360522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       573160                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       573160                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           42                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           42                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       186592                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       186592                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        46286                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        46286                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data      2933682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       2933682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data      2933724                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      2933724                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  71028596540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  71028596540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  20440032683                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  20440032683                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   4124242426                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   4124242426                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    510665360                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    510665360                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    523966489                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total    523966489                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  91468629223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  91468629223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  91468629223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  91468629223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data     12543287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12543287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      2473056                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2473056                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          191                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          191                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       223117                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       223117                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        46452                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        46452                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data     15016343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15016343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data     15016534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15016534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.188190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.188190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.231762                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.231762                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.219895                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.219895                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.836297                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.836297                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.996426                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.996426                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.195366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.195366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.195366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.195366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 30090.207395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30090.207395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 35662.001331                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35662.001331                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 22102.997052                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22102.997052                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 11032.825476                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11032.825476                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 31178.781212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31178.781212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 31178.334848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31178.334848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data      2360522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2360522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       573160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       573160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           42                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       186552                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       186552                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        45165                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        45165                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data      2933682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2933682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data      2933724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2933724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  65433514436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  65433514436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  19211638317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19211638317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       608000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       608000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   3696124574                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3696124574                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    464361640                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    464361640                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    479305511                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    479305511                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  84645152753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  84645152753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  84645760753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  84645760753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1795500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1795500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       823501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       823501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      2619001                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2619001                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.188190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.188190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.231762                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231762                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.219895                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219895                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.836117                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.836117                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.972294                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972294                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.195366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.195366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.195366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.195366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 27719.934165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27719.934165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 33518.805075                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33518.805075                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 14476.190476                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14476.190476                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 19812.838104                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19812.838104                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10281.448910                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10281.448910                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 28852.872518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28852.872518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 28852.666697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28852.666697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry            350093                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                    12181269                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                       529                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    2561486                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                      326                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                12181798                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                2561812                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                         14742755                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                            855                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                     14743610                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                    44658286                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                44658286                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                         44658286                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                     44658286                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                       402042939                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   43555368                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     44153624                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             34757817                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     318527                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      5960704                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    34757817                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           49683366                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          23356372                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           169112471                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           27900084                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     14746316                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   12182392                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   2563924                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              83472500.192982                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              318570438.807018                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.792379                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.207621                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          7796134                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 29410724     66.60%     66.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                     648      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                22      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                12182392     27.59%     94.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                2563924      5.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  44157710                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      19                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             2683                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           44880639                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2683                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         16727.781960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         89319255                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        89319255                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst     44655603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       44655603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst     44655603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        44655603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst     44655603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       44655603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst         2683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst         2683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          2683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst         2683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         2683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     47537384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47537384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     47537384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47537384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     47537384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47537384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     44658286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     44658286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     44658286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     44658286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     44658286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     44658286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 17717.996273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17717.996273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 17717.996273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17717.996273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 17717.996273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17717.996273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         2683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         2683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         2683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     42088616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42088616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     42088616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42088616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     42088616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42088616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15687.147223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15687.147223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15687.147223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15687.147223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15687.147223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15687.147223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry               261                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements             8928                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          223.809951                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            2807657                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             8928                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           314.477711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   223.809951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.874258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.874258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.863281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         32118145                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        32118145                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      9757356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9757356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      1944155                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1944155                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          353                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          353                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data        18611                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18611                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          281                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          281                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data     11701511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        11701511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data     11701864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       11701864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data      2224728                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2224728                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data       585551                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       585551                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           65                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           65                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data       180105                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       180105                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data        28233                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        28233                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data      2810279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       2810279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data      2810344                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      2810344                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  66259801241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  66259801241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  21878588407                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  21878588407                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   4065323132                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   4065323132                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    395297651                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    395297651                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     75117485                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total     75117485                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  88138389648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  88138389648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  88138389648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  88138389648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data     11982084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11982084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      2529706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2529706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          418                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          418                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data       198716                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       198716                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        28514                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        28514                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data     14511790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14511790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data     14512208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14512208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.185671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.185671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.231470                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.231470                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.155502                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.155502                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.906344                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.906344                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.990145                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.990145                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.193655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.193655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.193654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.193654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 29783.326879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29783.326879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 37364.103907                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37364.103907                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 22571.961534                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22571.961534                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 14001.262742                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14001.262742                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 31362.861000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31362.861000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 31362.135613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31362.135613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          898                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total              898                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data      2224728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2224728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       585551                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       585551                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           65                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       180043                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       180043                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        27119                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        27119                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data      2810279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2810279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data      2810344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2810344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  60941612737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  60941612737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  20612168593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20612168593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1053500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1053500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   3641955868                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3641955868                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    345559349                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    345559349                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     69391515                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69391515                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  81553781330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  81553781330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  81554834830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  81554834830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data      1729502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1729502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       795501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       795501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data      2525003                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2525003                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.185671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.185671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.231470                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231470                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.155502                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.155502                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.906032                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.906032                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.951077                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.951077                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.193655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.193655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.193654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.193654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 27392.837568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27392.837568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 35201.320795                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35201.320795                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 16207.692308                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16207.692308                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 20228.255850                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20228.255850                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 12742.333751                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12742.333751                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 29019.816655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29019.816655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 29019.520326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29019.520326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry            336494                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                    10984635                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                       446                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                    1626400                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       49                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                10985081                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                1626449                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                         12611035                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                            495                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                     12611530                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                    43311161                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                43311161                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                         43311161                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                     43311161                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                       402004861                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   42051488                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     42600083                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             32919099                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     273405                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      6276852                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    32919099                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           43985400                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          22067312                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           160775582                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           28080119                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                     12612827                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   10985313                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1627514                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              99100691.804337                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              302904169.195663                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.753484                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.246516                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          8144356                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 29988859     70.39%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     572      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                10985313     25.79%     96.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1627514      3.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  42602260                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      32                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1622                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           43517324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         26829.422935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         86623944                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        86623944                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst     43309539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       43309539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst     43309539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        43309539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst     43309539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       43309539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1622                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1622                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     59910884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     59910884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     59910884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     59910884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     59910884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     59910884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     43311161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     43311161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     43311161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     43311161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     43311161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     43311161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 36936.426634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36936.426634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 36936.426634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36936.426634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 36936.426634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36936.426634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     56580116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56580116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     56580116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56580116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     56580116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56580116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 34882.932182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34882.932182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 34882.932182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34882.932182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 34882.932182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34882.932182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry               208                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             5184                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          243.170302                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            1848813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5184                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           356.638310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   243.170302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.949884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.949884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.824219                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         28249443                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        28249443                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      8041511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8041511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      1421740                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1421740                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          157                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          157                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         2161                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2161                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data      9463251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         9463251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data      9463408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        9463408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data      2806651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2806651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data       199817                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       199817                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           37                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           37                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data       134069                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       134069                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         3890                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3890                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data      3006468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       3006468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data      3006505                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      3006505                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  81965341760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81965341760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   5802477044                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5802477044                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   3129562163                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   3129562163                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     60198989                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     60198989                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     20085999                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total     20085999                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  87767818804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  87767818804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  87767818804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  87767818804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data     10848162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10848162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      1621557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1621557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          194                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          194                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data       136230                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       136230                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         4071                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4071                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data     12469719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12469719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data     12469913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12469913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.258721                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.258721                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.123225                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.123225                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.190722                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.190722                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.984137                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.984137                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.955539                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.955539                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.241102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.241102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.241101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.241101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 29203.966492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29203.966492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 29038.955865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29038.955865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 23342.921652                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23342.921652                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 15475.318509                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15475.318509                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 29192.999494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29192.999494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 29192.640226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29192.640226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          569                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              569                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data      2806651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2806651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       199817                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       199817                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           37                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       134034                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       134034                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         3549                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         3549                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data      3006468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3006468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data      3006505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3006505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  75415790240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  75415790240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   5361227956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5361227956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1234005                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1234005                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   2797523832                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2797523832                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     54528011                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54528011                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     18647001                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18647001                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  80777018196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  80777018196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  80778252201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  80778252201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data      1837003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1837003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       787000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       787000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data      2624003                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2624003                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.258721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.258721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.123225                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123225                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.190722                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190722                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.983880                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983880                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.871776                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.871776                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.241102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.241101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 26870.384041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26870.384041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 26830.689861                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26830.689861                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 33351.486486                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33351.486486                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 20871.747706                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20871.747706                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 15364.331079                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15364.331079                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 26867.745872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26867.745872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 26867.825665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26867.825665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry            351257                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                    18086001                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                       529                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                    5268039                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                      388                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                18086530                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                5268427                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                         23354040                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                            917                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                     23354957                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                    58542132                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         3                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                58542135                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                         58542132                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              3                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                     58542135                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                       404763763                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                   57174269                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                     57898720                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses             47331620                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                     449967                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts      6654379                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                    47331620                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads           72779057                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes          32002622                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads           228265125                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes           34313872                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                     23355501                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                   18086782                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                   5268719                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              21496.866302                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              404742266.133698                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.999947                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.000053                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                          8798449                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                 34544429     59.66%     59.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                     587      0.00%     59.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     59.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                18086782     31.24%     90.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                5268719      9.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                  57900525                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements             1593                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs           55761960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1593                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs         35004.369115                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses        117085857                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses       117085857                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst     58540539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       58540539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst     58540539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total        58540539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst     58540539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total       58540539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst         1593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total          1593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst         1593                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total         1593                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     32041422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32041422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     32041422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     32041422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     32041422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     32041422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst     58542132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     58542132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst     58542132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total     58542132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst     58542132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total     58542132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 20113.887006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20113.887006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 20113.887006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20113.887006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 20113.887006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20113.887006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst         1593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst         1593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     28808578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28808578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     28808578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28808578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     28808578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28808578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 18084.480854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18084.480854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 18084.480854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18084.480854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 18084.480854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18084.480854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry               213                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements            12873                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          221.984055                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs            6175943                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12873                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs           479.759419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   221.984055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.867125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.867125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.957031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         48957830                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses        48957830                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data     16193319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       16193319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data      3490328                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3490328                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          143                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          143                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data        52325                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        52325                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         2564                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2564                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data     19683647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total        19683647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data     19683790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total       19683790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data      1677907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1677907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data      1675944                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1675944                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           44                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           44                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu4.data       162215                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       162215                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu4.data        95422                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        95422                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data      3353851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total       3353851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data      3353895                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total      3353895                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  44672109879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44672109879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  66344605279                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  66344605279                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data   1590890553                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   1590890553                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data   1677759301                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total   1677759301                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    100872478                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total    100872478                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 111016715158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 111016715158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 111016715158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 111016715158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data     17871226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17871226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data      5166272                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5166272                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          187                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          187                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data       214540                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       214540                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data        97986                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        97986                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data     23037498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total     23037498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data     23037685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total     23037685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.093889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.093889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.324401                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.324401                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.235294                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.235294                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.756106                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.756106                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.973833                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.973833                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.145582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.145582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.145583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.145583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 26623.710300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26623.710300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 39586.409378                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39586.409378                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  9807.296199                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9807.296199                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 17582.520813                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17582.520813                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 33101.266323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33101.266323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 33100.832065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33100.832065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total             3911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data      1677907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1677907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data      1675944                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1675944                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           44                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data       162173                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       162173                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data        94342                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        94342                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data      3353851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3353851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data      3353895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3353895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  40879621121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40879621121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  62853008721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  62853008721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       949500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       949500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data   1229269947                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1229269947                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data   1498317699                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1498317699                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     90298522                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90298522                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 103732629842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 103732629842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 103733579342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 103733579342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data      1944002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1944002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data      1085000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1085000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data      3029002                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3029002                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.093889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.324401                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324401                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.235294                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235294                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.755910                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755910                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.962811                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.962811                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.145582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.145582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.145583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.145583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 24363.460621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24363.460621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 37503.048265                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37503.048265                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 21579.545455                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21579.545455                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  7579.991410                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7579.991410                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 15881.767389                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15881.767389                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 30929.409160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30929.409160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 30929.286499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30929.286499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry            132771                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                    18120613                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                       525                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                    5154757                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                      388                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                18121138                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                5155145                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                         23275370                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                            913                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                     23276283                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                    59065783                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         3                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                59065786                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                         59065783                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              3                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                     59065786                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                       403751220                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                   57739927                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                     58469196                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses             47686519                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                     455377                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts      6811964                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                    47686519                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads           72878845                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes          32241770                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads           230089675                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes           34836211                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                     23276748                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                   18121355                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                   5155393                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              1031400.506677                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              402719819.493323                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.997445                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.002555                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                          8985636                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                 35193579     60.19%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                     576      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                18121355     30.99%     91.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                5155393      8.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                  58470905                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements             1452                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs           56114914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1452                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs         38646.634986                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses        118133018                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses       118133018                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst     59064331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       59064331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst     59064331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total        59064331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst     59064331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total       59064331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst         1452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst         1452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total          1452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst         1452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total         1452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     24515410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     24515410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     24515410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     24515410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     24515410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     24515410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst     59065783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     59065783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst     59065783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total     59065783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst     59065783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total     59065783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 16883.891185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16883.891185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 16883.891185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16883.891185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 16883.891185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16883.891185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst         1452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst         1452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst         1452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     21553590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21553590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     21553590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     21553590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     21553590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     21553590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14844.070248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14844.070248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14844.070248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14844.070248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14844.070248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14844.070248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry               187                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements            12264                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          209.402232                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs            6063382                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12264                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs           494.404925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   209.402232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.817977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.817977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.773438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         48902349                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses        48902349                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data     16160929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       16160929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data      3477474                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3477474                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          126                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          126                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data        46756                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        46756                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          239                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          239                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data     19638403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total        19638403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data     19638529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total       19638529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data      1745339                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1745339                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data      1572293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1572293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           37                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           37                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data       167374                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       167374                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data       100817                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       100817                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data      3317632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total       3317632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data      3317669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total      3317669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  48705041106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48705041106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  60520280117                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  60520280117                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data   1891914043                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   1891914043                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data   1934377568                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total   1934377568                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    106308478                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total    106308478                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 109225321223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 109225321223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 109225321223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 109225321223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data     17906268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17906268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data      5049767                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5049767                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          163                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data       214130                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       214130                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data       101056                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       101056                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data     22956035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22956035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data     22956198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22956198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.097471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.097471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.311360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.311360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.226994                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.226994                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.781647                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.781647                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.997635                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.997635                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.144521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.144521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.144522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.144522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 27905.777105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27905.777105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 38491.731577                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38491.731577                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 11303.512152                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11303.512152                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 19187.017745                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19187.017745                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 32922.675337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32922.675337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 32922.308170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32922.308170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3352                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total             3352                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data      1745339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1745339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data      1572293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1572293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           37                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data       167339                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       167339                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data        99639                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        99639                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data      3317632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3317632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data      3317669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3317669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  44781874890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44781874890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  57238412883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  57238412883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       778000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       778000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data   1519026957                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1519026957                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data   1744933432                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1744933432                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     95332522                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95332522                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 102020287773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 102020287773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 102021065773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 102021065773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data      2066001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2066001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data      1112500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1112500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data      3178501                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3178501                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.097471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.311360                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311360                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.226994                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226994                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.781483                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.781483                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.985978                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985978                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.144521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.144522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 25657.980994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25657.980994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 36404.418822                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36404.418822                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 21027.027027                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21027.027027                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  9077.542934                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9077.542934                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 17512.554642                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17512.554642                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 30750.935539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30750.935539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 30750.827094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30750.827094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry            136817                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                          65                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                         63                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                      65                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                     63                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                              128                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                          128                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                         287                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                     287                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                              287                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                          287                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                       540002069                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                        281                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                          371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                  342                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                         32                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts           25                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                         342                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                574                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes               248                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads                1343                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes                 87                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                          134                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                         68                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                        66                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              540000859.020475                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles               1209.979525                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.000002                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.999998                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                               58                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                      245     64.64%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                      68     17.94%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                     66     17.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                       379                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses              574                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses             574                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total             287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total            287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          186.253705                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   186.253705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.727554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.727554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.730469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              260                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses             260                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           58                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             58                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           60                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            60                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total             118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data          120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total            120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total             4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        21000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        21000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         4000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total         4000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        25000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total        25000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        25000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total        25000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.049180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.032787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.032258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         7000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total         7000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         4000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total         4000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         6250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total         6250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         6250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total         6250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        15000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        15000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         2000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        17000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        17000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        17000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        17000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.049180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.032258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         5000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         5000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         2000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         4250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         4250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         4250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         4250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        9079                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         4                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       7207                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    9083                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   7207                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                            16286                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                        16290                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       41832                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   41832                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                            41832                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        41832                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                       404785520                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                      41128                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        49013                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                44381                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       2534                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         5264                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       44381                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              77499                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes             30754                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads              178597                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes              18859                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                        17447                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       9371                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      8076                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              404521156.732197                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              264363.267803                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.000653                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.999347                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             7960                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                    32723     65.03%     65.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                     136      0.27%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                14      0.03%     65.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     65.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     65.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     65.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    9371     18.62%     83.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   8076     16.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     50320                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              805                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs            1293192                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              805                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs          1606.449689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            84469                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           84469                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        41027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          41027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst        41027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           41027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        41027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          41027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     33030489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     33030489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     33030489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     33030489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     33030489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     33030489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        41832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        41832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        41832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        41832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        41832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        41832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.019244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.019244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.019244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 41031.663354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41031.663354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 41031.663354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41031.663354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 41031.663354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41031.663354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     31409511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31409511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     31409511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31409511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     31409511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31409511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.019244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.019244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.019244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 39018.026087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39018.026087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 39018.026087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39018.026087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 39018.026087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39018.026087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                77                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              255                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          225.048766                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs              11837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              255                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            46.419608                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   225.048766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.879097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.879097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          230                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.898438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            32914                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           32914                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         8428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           8428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         6863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          6863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          114                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          114                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          157                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          157                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data        15291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total           15291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data        15405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total          15405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          153                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           19                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           19                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      8469998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8469998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      7852497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7852497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       545000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       545000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       838498                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       838498                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     16322495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     16322495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     16322495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     16322495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         8748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         7016                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         7016                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          133                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          133                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          188                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          185                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data        15764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total        15764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data        15897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total        15897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.036580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.021807                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021807                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.142857                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.142857                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.122340                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.122340                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.151351                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.151351                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.030005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.030949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 26468.743750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26468.743750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 51323.509804                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51323.509804                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 23695.652174                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23695.652174                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 29946.357143                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29946.357143                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 34508.446089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34508.446089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 33175.802846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33175.802846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          115                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total              115                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           19                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           28                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      7828002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7828002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      7544503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7544503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       394500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       394500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       142500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       142500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       780502                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       780502                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     15372505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15372505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     15767005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15767005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       331001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       331001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       221001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       221001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       552002                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       552002                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.036580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.021807                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021807                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.142857                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142857                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.026596                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026596                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.151351                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151351                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.030005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.030949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 24462.506250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24462.506250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 49310.477124                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49310.477124                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 20763.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20763.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        28500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        28500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 27875.071429                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27875.071429                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 32500.010571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32500.010571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 32046.758130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32046.758130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                65                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.pim 202392630000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -146434780.800000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       171267868.800000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -98785368.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       115537848.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -545357529.600000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       644790182.400000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -257773363.200000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       297304473.600000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -1412558870446.078613
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       1635709465313.281006
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -411764067820.800171
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       476819596359.359985
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -4558463275392.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       5278585848336.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.202393
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       3361338293.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       1291926669.357878
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       231942915.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       128.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       49027209.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       83819546.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       19960129.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       286875084.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       338594536.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       156255395.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       128.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       2146931.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       0.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       231942915.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       128.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       294079639.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       6.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       294079633.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       11290.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       82669595.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       19606961.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       103772369.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       4787.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       12831280.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       5318352.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       25291665
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       24902.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       11923.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       41058.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       174034.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       79391.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       18683.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       1.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
